{"next_page":3,"reviews":[{"id":"R2OUZ6BC99V5EF","review_data":"Reviewed in the United States on April 10, 2019","name":"Eddie Gonzalez","rating":1,"title":"THE SD CARD WONT FORMAT!!!!","review":"xa0Defective memory card won’t even format once I format it, it just restarts my system and makes me keep formatting. Very disappointing, I was ready to fill the storage up and buy games right away now I can’t."},{"id":"REGZGWGRRG65Z","review_data":"Reviewed in the United States on January 30, 2019","name":"Koko","rating":3,"title":"Price is not balanced- but lots of memory","review":"I give this three stars because I bought it in bundle with the switch, and in or out of bundle the card was at the same price- HOWEVER, since I ordered the bundle, the original card that’s supposed to come with the switch didn’t arrive at all- so if they were going to take the original 32 gb card AND inStead include the 128, they should’ve lowered the price of the 128 go card."},{"id":"R3OYFE0RATALPK","review_data":"Reviewed in the United States on July 5, 2019","name":"Andrew Hsieh","rating":5,"title":"Quick to use and easily recognized","review":"I used this to replace a 128GB Samsung microSD card that I\'d been using from the beginning in my Nintendo Switch. Obviously, you don\'t need to use Nintendo Switch-branded microSD cards on your Switch, but I noticed Wirecutter recommended them highly even for other use (i.e. photography, general PC usage) so I figured I\'d give it a shot since the pricing was comparable.Between this and another 256 GB card I had, I found this one more usable because the Switch required me to format the other 256 GB card with the official SD card formatting utility, which took forever, whereas this one was recognized immediately. I was able to just drag and drop from my existing 128 GB card to the new 256 GB one. Fast to read, no corrupt data so far like with some cheaper microSD cards, good to go."},{"id":"R2WZGT77YSMKOZ","review_data":"Reviewed in the United States on September 24, 2019","name":"Bella","rating":1,"title":"Probably don\'t buy this","review":"xa0Sent this to my friend in the middle of nowhere in Texas and it doesn\'t work.everytime he click format it says it is and restarts the switch but when it turns back on it says it needs to be formatted. Contacted Amazon and explained that a return might be alot of hassell because then we gotta wait for the return and then wait for the refund then wait 10-15 days for the refund to post to my bank to buy another one... so I guess I\'m going to throw it in the garbage and buy another one. Not impressed. :/"},{"id":"R3OCK9FPT3KYIS","review_data":"Reviewed in the United States on March 15, 2019","name":"Amazon Customer","rating":5,"title":"Cute and functional","review":"This cute little micro SD card is perfect for my son who is obsessed with Super Mario. I read online that some off brand Micro SD cards were burning out or causing issues with the switch so I decided saving a few dollars was not worth the headache. I love that nintendo makes quality products and knew I would have peace of mind when ordering this memory card. It went in easily and at first I was a little worried because the extra storage amount was not showing on the screen but it just needed a quick restart or update as stated on the screen to show up. It took less than 30 seconds and the extra memory storage showed on the screen. However it was not the full 128GB as stated on the package. It was a little less but not too much to make a difference or cause me to return the item. Overall I\'d recommend this if you have a switch and need more storage than the small amount that comes on the console."},{"id":"R219I4A1BKFR8E","review_data":"Reviewed in the United States on January 21, 2019","name":"Nicole","rating":5,"title":"Great price!","review":"Love my switch however the storage limit is minimal and with so much DLC for the switch I had to get something to continue buying games. This was a great price and certainly far more storage than I\'ll ever need but it was only a few dollars more than a much smaller GB. Definitely worth the small amount extra to never have to worry about storage again. (I also love the cute like design on it)."},{"id":"R3BSRZKZWZOSNL","review_data":"Reviewed in the United States on September 15, 2019","name":"Sam Lilly","rating":4,"title":"It\'s-a Me, a Memory Card!","review":"It\'s a little expensive for the space compared to some other cards, but the branding is neat and knowing that it\'s both a good quality card and properly formatted for the Switch out of the box is worth getting for a few extra bucks. It\'s not quite the full listed size, as is usually the case, but I find it to be plenty close for my taste and understanding there\'s usually a bit of space taken up on any card like this for required files. Plus, a yellow memory card with the Mario power star on it is harder to lose if you drop it and easier to distinguish when looking at multiple cards in one spot. It\'s not JUST cool branding... just mostly."},{"id":"R3C6JEO9RAM8OT","review_data":"Reviewed in the United States on January 28, 2019","name":"Romero","rating":4,"title":"Surprisingly clear for such a small size, but a pain to get out.","review":"Got this for my Switch as I didn\'t want to save my captures in the system. Works like all other SanDisk microSD cards: great!The printing is a little blurry, but at this size I\'m surprised SanDisk was able to print anything on the card at all besides text.I was trying to get it out the other day to upload my captures and found it very difficult to remove. I\'m not sure if it\'s the Switch or the card or both, but this was noticeably more difficult to pull out than other SanDisk microSDs I own. The Switch doesn\'t have a spring-loaded release, so you have to gut at it to get it out. I had to use tweezers and nicked it pretty good. Thankfully, the damage is cosmetic and doesn\'t affect the card."},{"id":"R34O721EBJPQX2","review_data":"Reviewed in the United States on December 26, 2018","name":"Rick","rating":5,"title":"Awesome!","review":"Got this on sale, thought it looked cooler than the regular Sandisk SD cards for my switch (even though I will never see it). Great quality"},{"id":"R1O9DNAU75J7AO","review_data":"Reviewed in the United States on October 15, 2019","name":"D. Fishman","rating":1,"title":"\"Corrupted Data\"","review":"I haven\'t been able to get this disk to work. Once inserted I was asked to format which it said was completed successfully. I could see the disk and capacity under data management. But anytime I download something I\'m unable to open the game afterward and the error says \"Corrupted Data\". This is extremely frustrating after waiting for multiple hours for a hefty download only to have it fail. I\'m going to try erasing and formatting the disk one more time but seems like this is going to be a returned item."}]}