{"next_page":6,"reviews":[{"id":"R2IZG1FO1CIR3Z","review_data":"Reviewed in the United States on August 5, 2020","name":"Jason Dillon","rating":5,"title":"DON\'T BUY AN OFF-BRAND MICROSD! They don\'t always work, even if they are supposed to be compatible.","review":"Great, high-quality product. This was very easy to use; all you have to do is insert the MicroSD card in the slot behind the Switch\'s kickstand. This added the digital storage I needed to expand my game library- and re-install all the games I archived to make space! WARNING: The third-party MicroSD cards or MicroSD cards that aren\'t licensed by Nintendo DON\'T ALWAYS WORK. I have read several reviews on different MicroSD cards of people who purchased them and their switch did not recognize the MicroSD card or vice versa. A possible malfunction is NOT worth saving a few dollars. Just buy the liscensed Nintendo product for internal technology and hardware like this."},{"id":"R1Z6VOR1WNSEWT","review_data":"Reviewed in the United States on September 3, 2019","name":"Patrick","rating":5,"title":"Best Bait in Town","review":"Do you or someone you know have a roach problem?Well here\'s the answer you have been looking for!!This bait is the best bait in the industry in my opinion. I have lived in some really nasty places and any place that had roaches this bait would tackle both the babies and the adults. Its the best to see their little legs kicking as they die from the chemicals in the bait, and it works super fast!! The roaches show up and think they are getting the best meal of their life and then they crawl away to die.If you have any roach problems what so ever just try out this roach bait because I\'m sure that you wont regret getting rid of all the roaches in your life!"},{"id":"R11MYKS3C6APD0","review_data":"Reviewed in the United States on February 13, 2020","name":"kingpaul20","rating":5,"title":"This is a must get for Nintendo switch","review":"Ok I got my Nintendo switch at a target store. Upon getting the system out of the box and starting it up. I immediately go and see how much memory the system has and oh boy. There was just enough room for one big game and 2 smaller games. That’s was just about it. So getting an memory card is a must. I went to all the big stores and none of them had a licensed memory card for the Nintendo switch. So I went on amazon and found this and so far I’m very happy with it. But I find myself looking to get a bigger card ran out of room on this one. But all in all it’s was a good buy I just didn’t expect to run out of storage so fast."},{"id":"R3PV3DP8GRLV6B","review_data":"Reviewed in the United States on July 31, 2020","name":"Carlos","rating":4,"title":"It\'s cool but overpriced","review":"Yes. I bought this knowing I could get a less expensive 256GB micro SD card for my Switch, but cool-factor is something that is sometimes worth it in my book. This is really close to achieving that cool factor. It\'s Nintendo themed with the Mario star and yellow color. Very cool... but! The yellow color is only on one side and the back is black like a regular old SD card. I will likely never see the back of the card again after putting in the Switch but it bothers me and it\'s a missed opportunity to make it look just a bit nicer"},{"id":"R26OG86716PVKR","review_data":"Reviewed in the United States on September 2, 2020","name":"sparky81795","rating":4,"title":"Decent capacity; spendy for what you get","review":"This is a great product for your Switch. Nintendo and other brands like to mislead consumers into believing that their licensed product works better than other (non-licensed) cards. Since this was my first purchase for the Switch I went for a licensed product. For 2 dollars more I purchased an additional card from Samsung that is double the capacity. This one also works perfectly fine and is now my primary storage device.Otherwise the card works as expected. Make sure you turn off your Switch before installing or removing the card. It’s nothing major but the Switch will yell at you."},{"id":"R2XW5O3G67IYYZ","review_data":"Reviewed in the United States on June 20, 2019","name":"FreshKiwi11","rating":4,"title":"I got 10 GB less than what I paid for.","review":"I save a lot of videos and pictures from KSA and Splatoon 2, not to mention I buy a lot of Nintendo\'s third-party games digitally,so the fact that this SD card only has 118 GB is only a little annoying. It\'s okay, but I\'m just a bit worried that I\'ll have to switch SD Cards every time I want to play a game.Overall, 8.5 out of 10, would still recommend to anybody who needs a quick little fix of storage."},{"id":"R28U9OEGE9NO56","review_data":"Reviewed in the United States on January 26, 2019","name":"Aine","rating":5,"title":"Zelda is AWESOME!","review":"Really nice micro sd card for Nintendo Switch. I wanted this to go with the main reason I bought the Switch... The Legend of Zelda: BOTW. This should provide me with plenty of space for my gaming... at least for a while. Price was pretty reasonable as well ($17.99)."},{"id":"R15RFYQYQ4WHOT","review_data":"Reviewed in the United States on August 15, 2020","name":"Colinyo","rating":5,"title":"Save time - just buy this Nintendo card","review":"I bought the non - Nintendo 256 scandisk card and just could not get it to work. Even with 2 hours of assistance from the Nintendo customer service guy.He suggested I try a smaller storage card and then I found this one that was specifically for Nintendo.I would say don’t even take a chance buying any sd card- just save yourself time and get this Nintendo card.I haven’t had any problems with this card.We have the lets go Pokémon special edition switch."},{"id":"R3SE21VD3FJDNS","review_data":"Reviewed in the United States on November 15, 2019","name":"shannon mcmahon","rating":1,"title":"Does not work!","review":"I bought this for a birthday present for my son. I tried to load it but it was not working. I called Nintendo twice each time they tried to help me load the memory card. They said there was something wrong with the memory card and I should return it. Now it is past the return date so I am stuck with a memory card that does not work. The reason I bought this one is because it said it was made by Nintendo obviously it is not since so many people are having trouble."},{"id":"R2BI7I9JTDM7SE","review_data":"Reviewed in the United States on June 21, 2020","name":"Andrew Newbill","rating":5,"title":"The power of storage","review":"at first glance, 256gb of storage looks like trash compared to your now average 1tb you see on computers and consoles. After I installed it and began moving games over to my SD card, I was shook by the small dents I was making. Super smash bros? Like a small dent. Animal crossing? Psh not even visible. Some indi games? Bring it on. It was fairly expensive for the accessorie, but once you have it its like the memory cards we dealt with for the wii and GameCube are embarrassing in comparison. Id honestly say this is the best for the amount of storage. You won\'t be out $100 + dollars like you would with a 1tb hard drive for your ps4, Xbox, or pc. Its perfect for you\'re switch."}]}