{"next_page":8,"reviews":[{"id":"R3SD7N5W1AM62P","review_data":"Reviewed in the United States on September 23, 2020","name":"Carlos Gonzalez","rating":4,"title":"Lies of Actual Storage Available","review":"Package arrived on time, and putting the Micro SD card into my Nintendo Switch was easy with no setup other than a update.My huge issue with this product is that the packaging indicates 128 GB of storage but when I looked at my storage on the Switch it showed 124.8 GB of storage available on the Micro SD card. I have no idea what could possibly take up a little more than 3GB of storage. I had no files saved to the card before checking the storage.If the used storage is actually being used up for a necessary process then I wouldn’t mind, but that wasn’t on the product descriptions, which means this is false advertising.Aside from being lied to about storage space the product works, and cost was really affordable. It was a huge upgrade from the 16GB card I had before this.I would not strongly recommend this Micro SD card unless you don\'t care about losing more than 3GB of storage space."},{"id":"R2HAA9LMRTFUL8","review_data":"Reviewed in the United States on May 19, 2020","name":"JC364","rating":5,"title":"Perfect product and must have for switch","review":"You need this! Works perfectly with switch. Stop buying games to load and then unload every time you want to play a different game. Small and easy to lose. Switch games have little memory. Buy this SD card and download all your games from switch digital store. All games are in the main menu. Nothing to lose or keep track of. And no tax on digital games! My son has 14 games and tons of memory left"},{"id":"R2XDANSD9CJH47","review_data":"Reviewed in the United States on June 7, 2020","name":"Hee Kyung Kang","rating":5,"title":"Better price and good amount of storage for me","review":"The micro SD card is worth every penny I put on this product. With the current 32gb storage on my Nintendo Switch Lite, plus the 64gb storage, it is just enough for me to have."},{"id":"R1AK78PHTKZ8YM","review_data":"Reviewed in the United States on July 29, 2020","name":"DivineInhabitant","rating":1,"title":"Seller & Amazon sold me a dingy, visibly broken sd card!","review":"This sd card was priced great, but it arrived in horrible condition & the item itself was very clearly broken. When I took it from the inspector approved plastic cover, it was more clearly revealed how the paper packaging looked like it was stepped on & dragged across a wet dirty floor, then approved for sale anyway just to make a profit. The paper was literally flaking away & the plastic container the chip was in was scraped & crushed. I called customer service & they wouldn’t even exchange it for me. But, I’m getting a refund through amazon & I have to buy the item again. Buyer Beware!!"},{"id":"R26AIWT0I2O9V5","review_data":"Reviewed in the United States on February 3, 2019","name":"WizzBud","rating":5,"title":"Works fine, ignore bad reviews","review":"Works the exact same as the overpriced name brand SD card; picking this one is a no-brainer.The few reviewers who said this card is incompatible may have had one of two problems: Either it wasn’t pushed in all the way below the kickstand and it wasn’t detected (see picture, don’t be afraid to push a little more when it resists), or they did not get the free update to make micro SDXC cards compatible (I was prompted to update as soon as I inserted the card, so maybe if you don’t get the prompt try doing a system update and try again. I’m currently on 7.0.0 which is the latest version at this time)If you need the storage, buy this! Simple."},{"id":"R23BXZM134NTF3","review_data":"Reviewed in the United States on July 28, 2020","name":"CJW","rating":1,"title":"Write Failures After ~40GB Used","review":"I purchased this 128GB microSD card along with my Switch Lite back in September 2019.It worked fine at first until I recently filled it up to about 40 gigs after which I started getting errors downloading different games.Even had an error with a game card that wanted to download additional data to the microSD.Also found that some of my existing games had corrupt data which the Switch Lite subsequently deleted and had me download ALL OVER AGAIN only to have them fail (works fine if I d/l to internal storage).I ran the card through H2testw where it came up with tons of write/verify errors in the unused space.Thought that something endorsed by Nintendo would have higher quality control although guess this was just wishful thinking.I\'ve trusted SanDisk throughout the years but am very disappointed in this case since it\'s not like I can return the microSD card being that I threw away all of the packaging."},{"id":"R14HGMWFB76JAC","review_data":"Reviewed in the United States on June 10, 2020","name":"Briredrose","rating":5,"title":"It works","review":"I can’t really tell you if 128 GB is enough for your device especially if you download games a lot. However if you plan to get this because you just barely got a switch and you don’t really know if you’re gonna go digital or not this isn’t a bad purchase. Like if all your games are pretty much physical totally worth it however if you’re like me where are you just keep on buying games LOL you might wanna aim for bigger storage."},{"id":"R3NGRB4PTC7890","review_data":"Reviewed in the United States on July 7, 2020","name":"Judith L.","rating":5,"title":"Good transfer rates, works perfectly with my Switch, plus it is bright yellow.","review":"I bought this because it is made for my Switch. I saw cheaper versions of Micro SD cards, but they all had a slower transfer rate. I went with this one just to be sure everything would be compatible and work quickly."},{"id":"R3IU7YAAV7YEZW","review_data":"Reviewed in the United States on December 11, 2019","name":"Blue Phoenix Tail Lionhead","rating":5,"title":"It works like ot says, thanks","review":"Got it, but I don\'t have it installed yet. Because my Nintendo Switch Lite requires internet to update system, and all I have is my mobile hotspot. So I\'ll have to wait til next month to update. Life... Why don\'t I get internet then? Cuz I don\'t got time paying something I don\'t need. No one needs multiplayer games, it\'s a want. No a need. 😎😤 Same for game companies that make online only games with infinity updates."},{"id":"R26UD4JM41HL1I","review_data":"Reviewed in the United States on May 16, 2020","name":"Felix Moran","rating":4,"title":"Delays on Shipment","review":"This review is more towards the lack of shipment and delays for this product. I got this product delayed several times and kept on getting disappointed. It was worth the wait and my Nintendo switch lite now has more space for game downloads. I have managed to use the space as much as possible and downloading a variety of games I enjoy playing. I know I could have used a regular microsd card but, having this one with the mushroom design was a must have."}]}