
Upvoted for the breaking window animation 😂
“Do you want the sky to be black or sky blue?”

I didn’t realize black sky meant night and thought this program was going to be metal.
Excellent work. This is the kind of content I need to see as a python newbie. Now, about that code...
Very cool and creative idea! Do you have the code somewhere up?
You really missed the opportunity to say “Do you want to build a snowman?”
Hell's Pass Hospital!
Curious about the text - is that also Turtle? Or other?
I love it and all, but why wouldn't you put that space at the end of input()?
The user input part is the best. Lol

I thought the questions would just keep getting more ridiculous and there wouldn't be a card at all.
Love that cybertruck!
Ahh, good job! this reminds me of our programming assignment before holiday break sophomore year of high school, 1999.
now this is cute
That  cybertruck was a nice addition.
Is this code open sourced?
the icicle breaking the glass made it good.
Could you provide a download link please?
Nice! It brings back memories of a screensaver in Windows 95 or 98 the way it draws the objects.  
[Mystery](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UWfq6BOBB2g)
why is this nostalgic
That's so damn amazing
wow This is dope
Really good mate! Absolutely stunning visual. Keep it up.
awesome breaking window!
that is awesome haha
Love it
outstanding
love the cyber truck lol
Need to run this with black sky and Cybertruck only
Would you mind sharing the code? This is great!
That icicle smashing the pane!
The cybertruck even got the window cracks, attention to detail
Haha that's amazing!
Very pretty
Awesome!
Good work OP, it looks pretty fun
Cybertruck❤
Is there a source code for this? I'm curious
Thats enough internet for one day
This is awesome man! Well done
Now do one with dick butt somehow in it!

Great programming!
This is so nice ...  how about that code
Had to put in the window breaking of course.
WHOA the stalagtite falling effect and the broken car window is amazing.
Elon Musk's cyber truck is in there
Updoot for that ice spike breaking da windoe
fun fact: the first widespread computer virus was a command-line greeting card, it was called the christmas tree EXEC  [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christmas\_Tree\_EXEC](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christmas_Tree_EXEC) it would forward itself to other users' email so when people would open it they though it was just a happy little virtual christmas card.
Love the Tesla Cybertruck parked in front of the house!
I know it's a few months old but this is so awesome. Made me smile during this crazy coronavirus time. Way to go!
that's cool as fuck,where did ya learn turtle?i kinda have to learn it for an assignment.
This is great! I'm relatively new to Python. We haven't really used Turtle that much, we use Tkinter for GUI though
That’s sick
Very nice 😂. I'll take a shitbox over a cybertruck though hahaha.
Hey op, can we have a look at the code? 🐼
code? file? id like to take a look pls
I got inspired by that tesla truck animation, and create xmas greeting card on my own using pygame, will make sure to include this post in the source list
Nice Cybertruck
cute
[removed]
Ahh yes, using python to create nonsense
