
Okay two questions, where can I buy it
And will John Oliver sign it ?
Honestly, a *huge* way to support my work without having to pay for it would be to suggest your library (whether public or academic) acquire a copy. This would also ensure students and researchers who might find the book helpful get access.

All the details are on [the publisher's website](https://us.sagepub.com/en-us/nam/introduction-to-python-programming-for-business-and-social-science-applications/book268933); let me know if you need help finding the submission form your library uses to suggest a purchase!
Way to go! I didn't even know John Oliver knew how to program.
Congrats.  For those of us who wandered in from /r/all, aren't programmers, but are very intrigued, could you give us a bit of a primer on what Python is and how it's been used in Social Science Applications up to now?
I ordered your book right now for 55€. If I have any complains I will DM you directly :D now that I know your face
This will be such a great resource! It’s so hard to find understandable materials for non-CS students
I have a free award, here you go man and congratulations!
LUC! My alma mater. Congrats!
Nice one!
Congratulations!
That is amazing man! As a beginner I will make sure to grab a copy!
That’s fantastic! Congratulations, that’s a major accomplishment! It’s good to see resources designed to lower the barrier for non-programmers who need to compute large amounts of data
This is awesome!!! I’m so glad you wrote this!
Congrats. I'm on my 8th book and it still takes a lot of work.

But it's fun to finish a book and see the final product. Good job!
You're doing the lord's work! Good job!
Good job

https://youtu.be/mSBwlMQybwg
Mazel tov!
Wish you the best.
Might have to pick that up as a beginner myself. Thanks!
AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME! I’ve been searching for more conceptual text in programming (versus full technical).

I look forward to reading and implementing! 📖
Congratulations 👏🏻👏🏻
Congratulations mate!!
Hey, congratulations on your first book! Is it good for someone who has no affiliation to a technical background?
Where can i get my hands on it ?
Sending you the biggest congrats!
Do you cover any GUI frameworks in this like tkinter?
As a casual learner mostly little projects on the RPi this book will be perfect. I even pre-ordered it on Amazon after seeing this post.
Looking proud and happy!
I requested that my library get it! Looking forward to reading it!
Thank you for this Paul! Will have to check this out.
Wow congrats man!!
Congrats!
Congratulations brother - Much success to you for the rest of 2020 and beyond!
Congrats bro! I’ll definitely be picking up a copy!
I actually tried to get into python a year or so ago and got ok at it, but then every tutorial or book became very... Honeworky. More tests of what you knew than growth and learning. 

If this is different I'm very interested.
This is awesome! Recently graduated in May with a Business Admin degree after switching from CS. And thankful to find a job so quick after graduation and the current climate we are in now but a coworker of mine recently scripted a tool for us to use and was like man this is awesome maybe i should pick up programming again (especially now WFH and COVID). So will definitely check this out! Congrats too!
I teach Python in a universities business school.   Information systems not computer science.    I totally need a copy!   Amazon?
Congrats.
congrats!!!
Nice cover. I'd probably buy the book just based on the looks
Thats great. I will get my copy soon and suggest to my son,s college Library
Awesome!! Congrats! I'll be sure to pick one up!
Excellent - I think I'll get myself a copy

Edit: kindle edition $61 in Australia.. yikes...
Congratulations! It's really nice to see people reinforcing communities like this!
Out of curiosity what style of workflow (if any) do you suggest in your book?

I find VS code + python extension with jupyter notebook to be the easiest way to work with datasets and what I tend to recommend around the office to people getting started, but curious to know if there's anything even more beginner friendly.
Would be great to give this book to some non programmer colleagues of mine
Congratulations!
Nice job champ.
I'm in your Dad's class at Loyola and using this book right now!
“Ladies Ladies, Please, Contain Your Orgasms”
Will it teach me how to do a loop?
Yo the cover art is fucking sick
Hey man way to go! I’m minoring in GIS and they always talk about how important python is for GIS applications. So far I haven’t taken any programming classes and I want to get started ASAP. I guess my question is if I, with no programming background, can learn some python applicable to GIS? Thanks man, and congrats!
Awesome
Looks really nice!
As someone who was a student in a CS-cousin degree field thank you for publishing a resource for the non-programmer😅
Thanks so much for covering this dude.
Good job dude! Must have been tough
That's awesome buddy. I'm proud of you.
That's a big deal. Congrats!

How does it compare to existing material [in this niche](https://www.amazon.com/dp/1526431726)?
Is there anyway to buy an electronic copy directly from the publisher?
Is their a digital copy I could purchase?
Congratulations, that’s a huge achievement!! Added it to my wish list for when I start learning Python.
Im in dubai - its not on the amazon here in the uae!
I'd like the paperback version but it seems it won't start shipping in Europe until October. Is there any way to get access to the digital version until it arrives?
this book can also be used by people who are new to python right?
great job!!
Awesome! I'm currently taking a Python class taught by the other author, and this is our textbook. Enjoying it so far!
Requesting it for my library now!
Is it on amazon?
Congratulations 🎉🎉🎉 I feel that this book will meet my needs as I am working towards a bachelor's in business analytics. Is there any project included in the book? I would love to go through it and put something in my resume. Thanks!
Congratulations on becoming a published author!
Congratulations! I hope it can help a lot of people :)
It seems like this book might've been written for me! I just suggested to my university and the one I just graduated from to buy it and I also bought it for myself from your publisher today since it wasn't available on amazon anymore :) I'm so happy for you to be able to have your book published.

Do you recommend the readers to already know the basics of python before reading your book? If so, do you have readings recommendations to do prior to that book to get the sufficient knowledge to appreciate your writing?
Do you work for carrot? I love your SDOH data.
Congrats, I just ordered one.
Would it be PC to scream Neerd!! like Homer Simpson?
If I am using a Mac, will I have problems using and following the book? What are your thoughts on this?
Congratulations!! I would love to share with my team members :)
How do you compare your book to some of the others. For instance Slither into Python was given out a few weeks back which I’ve been reading.
Congrats on the new book. That takes the biscuit. Or should that be carrot. Either ways , your cool.
Congratulations!  This is great.  Does your book cover nanipulating and creating tables in Python.  I want to primarily use Python as a massive spreadsheet (to begin).
Hey congrats on the book, I just want to know that I am not new to Python but have no experience in Business and social sciences. Is this book good for me?
Congratulations but curly brackets on a cover of a python book?
I really hate python because of the lack of braces and your book has two giant braces on it.
Copped !
Supported, bought on AMZ.
that nose tho
Pick up digital copy
This guys farks! Russ 2020
You look like the type of guy that would write a book on python.
Congrats but why not just write a blog? Programming books are basically already obsolete by the time they’re published with how quickly things change
I could never support printing programming info on paper. So much info, changes frequently... idk like writing code down on paper, looks not good. All of this lives in devices, digital books fit so much better and cleaner
