
Looks fantastic. I would vote for this redesign any day
Looks really cool! You should submit it to the PSF :)
Original portfolio here: [https://www.behance.net/gallery/96750899/Python-Logo-Redesign](https://www.behance.net/gallery/96750899/Python-Logo-Redesign)
For some reason the flat version looks better on a white background, but the gradient version looks better on a dark background.


Anyways this is amazing! Can we make a change.org to make this the actual logo?
I like flat designs more, but your design is cool!
That looks beautiful!  Nice touch with the smaller typeset
Changing the logo is really gonna mess up my tattoo choice
Can I offer a constructive critique?

This is a nice logo today, but isn't likely to age very well -- it feels a bit like the Web2.0 styling from about a decade ago.

The trick to an enduring logo that ages well (even if it's not eye-catching as it could be) is a design that isn't tied to contemporary visual trends. Python's current logo really isn't rooted in any wave of graphic design from the past few years, which is why it's boring, but it's aged very well.
I wish that was the real one! Great work
Those look like peeps! Peepthon?
I love the use of Ubuntu font. Kudos.
Motivation for changing eye color?
Im not mad at it. I like it. Random: is that a stock photo of some python code? I saw the exact same code(picture) a few days ago in someone else's post
This is fantastic. Love the grid design, looks like a page out of Leonardo da Vinci's long lost Python sketch book.
Is it possible to note the visual similarity with Peeps without sounding critical? Because the yellow snake is reminding me of an upside-down peep in a visual-pun way. Like a happy little Easter egg.
Dude this is beautiful, the color palette is really nice! I love it!
This would end up being modernized again by returning to flat in the next iteration.
I'm not usually one for redesigns but this is actually super nice
This is a massive upgrade over the current logo!
Email this to Von Rossum right away
Fantastic work! Could you do the Rust logo as well? Can’t stand it.
I just realized it looks like snakes
very minimalist. fits really well into the modern day
I really wanna see a logo inspired by Monty Python to be true to what the original meaning of Python was/is
What language is that in the background?
Love it!
Id prefer it to be flatter. Looks worse than the current one imo.
Amazing!
Beautiful job! I love it. I really hope the Python Software Foundation see this and decides to use it.
I love it
Love it amazing!
Lovely
Better than expected by miles.  Love it.
i love it!
That looks really awesome!
It looks amazing
Yellow one is a duck :)
Actually i like the original one better.
I just set that as my wallpaper
They look like peeps, it's great.
It looks pretty nice!
Hello! I absolutely love this design, and I love your geometritisation of it on your portfolio with the circles, yet keeping the idea of the original design.

I think you did a fantastic job. I would love to see this as a new Python logo despite what some people here are saying about it being too '90s styled'. I think it looks sleek and modern enough, and honestly its fantastic.

However, as I love actual pythons (the animal), I couldnt help but notice that the snouts of the 2 pythons were quite beak-like... I think some have actually mentioned this but I personally think rounding off the snout (and maybe even the tails as well to keep symmetry!) would make the pythons more snake like. :)

It truly is amazing, and I think its time the logo got a change too!
That looks great! The only things I would change are the sharp corners towards the mouth of the pythons, where the current logo is more rounded.
Just change Python to Platyhelminthes and you're in business
I've seen many a logo. That - is a fine logo. Well worthy of the fine history of logogrammatic artistry.
Looks awesome. Give it a try and submit it to the python.org team.
Looks nice and modern, should find a way to promote the idea.
This is not more modern. Modern are flat and thin designs(just compare current and old Software icons). This got 3D shades.
I like it, but it looks sorta firefox-y
Uhm ... is it just me or do those just look like peeps?
There's a lot more to design than just making sure it looks good. It has to be easy to print, easy to reproduce, easy to shrink or scale up. It has to look good on a pen, on a business card, in screenshots, on mobile, etc. What I'm saying is that it's easy to get a design that looks better, but to make it your logo, you think of more than just 'does it look good'. Is it different enough from other logos? If someone were to print it on a circular sticker could they orient it correctly from memory? Does it accidentally spell out a bad word when oriented differently? Lots of things that aren't at all obvious.
Bad, I don't like it
Really nice !
Love it.
Meh, I miss the old logo. I grew up with this logo, it had so much charm.[http://www.demiurgo.org/charlas/python-unittesting/img/python-logo.png](http://www.demiurgo.org/charlas/python-unittesting/img/python-logo.png)
Looks like 90's logo (not a bad thing)
What's wrong with Python's current logo?
The flat one in your portfolio is even better in my opinion. :)
How did you design it ?? 

But , 

Imagine a python  logo being designed in python language
I dig it
Fuq, before I saw the picture I was thinking I like the python logo it’s almost perfect, then yours loaded, yours is perfect.
It's looks really cool
So much cool ! You did the work well !
Good work on that mate!!!.
I like it.  Kudos.  Have you tried submitting it to the python organization?
10000x better!
Sexy 😏
I can't keep up with design trends. I thought rounded corners and gradients were out. Are they back in?
Welcome to python4.0 :)
Incredible work!
Really nice, grats!
That's awesome op 👍
yummy
It looks nice, it's like a combination of the edge logo swirls with Python logo.
It looks wonderful! I’d love for this to become the new logo.
This looks really cool, at the moment I am imagining the pythons with snake fangs. But like good job this is honestly pretty cool.
Nice work. It looks great.  
I prefer the current one though. I like its squareness.
Great job OP be proud of this one I hope it gets accepted!
This needs to be the new python logo. After seeing it, the old one looks outdated. 

Great work.
Oooo! I love it! You did a fantastic job redesigning the logo and it looks soo damn good I would enjoy seeking that as the new logo/ image representation of python. It shows python has been maturing and it follows modern OS visual design trends.
Python 4 logo 😊
nice, really nice ;)
I think this is a great improvement on the original logo. Really nicely done.
In addition to the great logo, your background looks like my Python. No excessive linespacing or blank lines. I want as many lines of code to fit on my monitor as possible.
What font is the logo set in?
Very cool! Is this pretty much made using the golden ratio technique?
I like it! Does look like Peeps though
Looks amazing! Hope this gets set as the official logo
Repost this with HTML code or Java in the background and see how many recruiters use it
The snakes look more like eels to me
I like it but once I saw the peeps I couldn’t I see.
:[
And turned pythons into muraenas.
Big, fat nope.
I like it
I also apologise for typo on title! \*I redesigned :D
I like it.
I like your better, you should submit it.
Vivec vibes.
Damn, it looks great!
It does look nice.
I know nothing about graphic design but I really like this.
The heads are very peep-like.
Looks awesome!
Føre some reason I did not se that you wrote logo. I was kind of hoping for an example of a better lamda implementation or a linq like syntax for operating on lists and generators.
i liked your flat one better
Some might say it's a little too 'modern' but I think this looks way better! I hope your design gets adopted.
Perfect! Good job :)
That's much more slithery than the current one.
holy shit this beautiful
I love it!
I almost scrolled by this becaue I thought it was one of those ads. Really well done
sexy
I vote for the flat one 👌
Hot update
Looks like ducks instead of snakes.
you done good
The logo looks great. Can you share the same image without the text "python"?
It's very well done but 3d logo is not modern anymore. Modern is flat.
I go between the flat and the gradient design.

But there’s so much __flat__ right now in UI design (it’s like we’re headed back to the days of Windows 2.0) that the gradient is really refreshing.
Is that Ubuntu font?
really coooool
there is [this version](https://i.imgur.com/EOrbrEQ.png) as well
The snakes look so derpy! Love it!
Amazing work! The only thing I would change about this is the wideness. The ratio does not look correct to me. Should be just a tiny bit wider in my opinion.
Your awards are the same as the python color scheme!
omg ,so cool , nice
This is amazing.
ok
I kinda think the very simplistic flat logo is the modern look
Whoa looks really nice man.
Super awesome dude!
Looks so, so great <3
Great work. I've scrolled past this like 5 times thinking "That's just a python course of some kind, nice logo though". I've only just seen your title now.
That is awesome!  Thanks!
From snake to swan
Honestly, I think the original Python logo looks better. In any case, I see no reason to change the current logo.

Even so, I upvote this post for the work you've done.
This remind anyone else of the old ms edge to new ms edge logo?
Would you willing to design an open source logo for a really popular python project?
Really cool love the font. Though I think the logo has a tad bit too much gradient to it it sort of stops the minimalist effect
Replying to this so that i can brag that i was one the first person who saw python 4.0's logo (hopefully)
That's soo cool!!
If you don't use the PEP, you get the snek.
Nah old is better
The top yellow part should be darker on the right side to preserve a visible difference to the middle segment all the way to the outer edge.
This looks amazing!
congrats!!  look amazing
Haha just put RTX in the logo. It's really cool dude
Wow! Great work Jessica!
Now every time I’m seeing the current Python logo, all I think is this! So nice!
Sublime gang lets go. I love sublime's color scheme.
This is pretty cool. Awesome work!!
I really hope the community could use this one. It’s way more beautiful
I must agree with the people saying it looks more like a bird than a snake.
looks great
pip install badass\_new\_logo
Very well done!
I love it.
No offense but this does not look modern at all. Looks like a logo from the early 2000s with the glass effect. I also like the more squarish appearance of the original better
I actually love this
After using python for nearly two years, this made me realize the logo has two snakes(pythons), damn im blind or smth
This does look good and modern! Thanks.
Cool!
Beautifully done
That. Is. Amazing.
Really nice!
Seriously good work!!

It looks beautiful!
Looks great 👍🏽
I like it
Well done!
Round boi I like it!
Much better than the old one. Well done.
Really cool pal!  Nice work!
Pretty actually. Hope it takes off! I’d use  it.
Can u make some stickers
this looks great, better than the original
Looks awesome!!

  
I would love to use it as my LinkedIn banner. Do I have your permission? I could even thank you on LI if you want.
That's amazing I'd love to see that as the official logo for python
Look like lovely ducks
Looks like birds instead of snakes.    Nice artwork but I don't think it fits the project.   A programming language like Python needs a logo with snakes.
I like this
It's got a really nice 3d feel to it.. beautiful
That looks really good! Submit your work to PSF!
Wow I love it
I like it. great job.

take in the criticism and decide if it's valid but above all keep doing what you're doing.
Logo is great but I can't help but notice the lack of docstrings for those methods in the background.
i don't know about others but for me it looks little scary..
What a waste of time
See if Guido is listening
This is not Python!, it doesn't look like Nazis swastika! see : 

[https://www.python.org/static/img/python-logo.png](https://www.python.org/static/img/python-logo.png)
Thanks for not aborting me SadPeppe
