
I’ll be honest, I was expecting a Cease and Desist from Amazon.
Very cool. That’s the beauty of sharing. You never know who or how it will help someone, but you post it anyway because that’s just being awesome. 

Thanks for sharing.
This was posted publicly by [Michael Haephrati](https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10220524693682311) on Facebook.

Update: The lad is a Redditor! [**u/haephrati**](https://www.reddit.com/user/haephrati/)

Update: The lad turned it into a [Software](https://www.facebook.com/pg/accexa2020/about/?ref=page_internal)!
I feel that. It must be gratifying to do some good in the world, even if by accident. To diminish another's suffering just a little bit. RIP Mrs. Roberts.
reminds me of that black mirror episode
The beauty of opensource and sharing, you'll never know who's lives you may touch :)
Beautiful! :-)
If he has enough recording, he can ask a machine learning specialist to train a voice model of his mum.
AWWW!
To be a hero, you don't need to save all the people.

You saved even only one person, to that person, you are the Hero.....
Very nice!
Heartwarming.
I expected this to be way worse and be an email from Amazon warning him to cut the shit out. This is sweet and I'm glad he got a bit of comfort out if it.
Combine the voice recordings with Adobe's voice AI thing that can recreate a voice using just a few samples and he/she could have 'text to voice' mom audio!
wow, that's awesome
Coding can be used for whackadoodle stuff, but it is so nice to see when it is used for something wholesome, intentionally or not.
On the one hand, that’s incredibly sweet, and it’s great to see how tech can positive impact people. On the other hand.. voice recordings taken without your knowledge? Personally wouldn’t want anyone keeping those unless I knew of it and consented at any given time I was being recorded. I wonder how much choice we’ll actually have in the matter in the next few years.
I love my mom. (I am not the OP, this post made me emotional for some reason).
Nobody's going to mention that Alexa is actually recording what you're saying? .... Seems like an invasion of privacy
Think how much spam this guy must have gotten. You exposed your own and his email. lol.
r/blackmirror
I lost my mom when I was 14...i would do anything to hear her voice once again. 

Kudos kid, you have done an awesome thing here, trust me.
Shouldn't those recording be in a GDPR-mandated takeout archive without requiring a custom script?
Just wait until Bezos realizes there there may be a demand for it.  

For only 14.95/month*** you can have your Amazon Elexa trained to respond in the voice of a dead loved one.


*** Amazon prime membership required
When I saw Python, my dumb ass thought he wrote a Monty Python script.
They have recordings? Does Google do this as well?
That's awesome!
Wholesome as fuck!  Thanks for sharing!!!
Wow, that's awesome.
❤️
Man i would throw in an award if i had
Maybe he will also be interested in the new [AI cloning voice](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0sR1rU3gLzQ) options out there.
Omg a smart house situation.
Hmm I should get my parents one of these things.
Now that it’s out there and people have seen it they’re filling and submitting it today.  People will have forgotten about it by the time someone looks at the cease n d’sis and these words will all be erased with grandma and us too
The last good recording of my mom’s pre-stroke speech patterns is my parents’ home answering machine. My dad didn’t replace it until he absolutely had to.  When it was ready to die, thankfully I could still get the speaker to play loudly enough that you could hear it.

They don’t use a local answering machine anymore (thanks, Xfinity), but we have it. It’s been 20 years come August.
This is so wholesome it made my day
Can you imagine leaving your loved ones a surprise message in the recordings to be found later?
I curse at Alexa when she doesn't do what I want, which is basically all the time.  It's interesting to think about someone archiving those recordings and listening to them fondly after I've died.
Crying. Wish I could have had this for my dad.
The September 19 2019 episode of the Endless Thread podcast describes a similar case.
With NNs we our loved ones will live on.
I have an Amazon Echo dot and have used it to ask it questions. What exactly are "Alexa Voice Recordings"? Does everything I ask it get recorded and archived somewhere that I can later download?
Everyone likes that
F
NGL this one made me tear up a bit. That’s just awesome.
you are a good man. thank you
*phew* boi. That escalated quickly!
Oh crap, I need to add Alexa to my dead man's handle. My family isn't ready.
Clickbait-like title.
Fuck!!!

I want to hear my dad's voice so bad, sadly he died almost 5 years ago. But I won't waste the ooportunity to save my mom's voice.

Thank you, op.
This gave me chills. Python FTW!
That’s truly amazing. I’m so glad that your work helped someone out this much. Good for you.. and them 🙂
Dang, thats so good!
At the beginning I thought Alexa sent this email or something scary
I twitted a screenshot of this to Bezos. Lets see if he responds. Haha
Nice
is the full source of this project still available anywhere? the github repo is gone and the article doesn't seem to contain everything
honestly i was expecting a job offer from amazon or smth like that, good job though
*Forward 10 years:* Lad wrote a Python script to create a Alexia personality based on Alexia voice recordings of his long passed mother. Regrettably like his real life mother who nagged him  his entire life  the Alexia personality nagged him every time he made a purchase from Amazon or watched a movie. The man despondent  committed suicide by hanging, while the Alexia personality repeated,*" I told you so"* over and over again.
Why didn’t you blank out his name and his email completely? You can totally still read his email, and confirm this with his name. I would suggest you take this image offline
