Distinguishing humans from other forms of cattle

Boppity Bob Martinez, Flokkkaº Haurilet
Frungy Institute of Technology,
Zoq-Fot-Pik Capital, Alpha Tucanae I

March 11, 2017

Figure 1: One is a dangerous cow, the other is a delicious human. Can you tell
which is which without aid?1

Abstract

We, the Zoq-Fot-Pik, found out by accident that human meat is de-
licious, even better than Frungy. This discovery wake up the Zebranky
inside us, and once this happened, there we could not stop helping us with
tasty human meat. Sadly, humans are not very cooperative to the idea of
being eaten by us, so we tried to discreetly abduct them a few at a time
to supply our needs. The problem was, as we found out, that the Earth is
thriving with many species, and most of them are inedible and even dan-
gerous! We have significant trouble distinguishing between humans and
non-human Terrestrial beings. To this end, we have acquired a human
algorithm that, once activated in the correct way, allow us to locate and
distinguish between humans and other similar beings (e.g., cows). In this
contribution we present the evaluation of such algorithm named YOLO.

1 Introduction

We, the Zoq-Fot-Pik made contact with humans during the Ur-Quan war
in 2156, at the time, as you know, we were all vegetarian. However, in
2160, long after the Ur-Quan conflict was over, we had an epiphany when
there was an incident in Suppox space, and a some of Zoq-Fot-Pik became
strangled with a herd of humans. One thing lead to another, and the Zoq-
Fot-Pik were vegetarian no more.

Still, our ships are weak in comparison to the human armada, so we
have no chance to capture their ships (mmm... delicious canned humans).
We tried to eat other earthly beings, but we found out that humans are
a key ingredient of Soylent Green Fig. 2.

This is when we started to send our ships to capture humans from
their home world. We needed to capture them inconspicuously, to avoid
risking our diplomatic relations, but we had a hard time distinguishing
humans from the other species that habit their home world.

We are particularly impressed by human cows, which are large, dan-
gerous, absolutely inedible, and roam freely through the fields of Earths,
see Fig. 1.

To us, humans and cows are practically indistinguishable, and so is the
same for even our best algorithms developed by Zoq-Fot-Pik scientists. We
needed a human approach to distinguish between cows and humans, and
we just were lucky that we received an ancient radio transmission from
the year 2016 Earth containing an algorithm named YOLO [2] that should
serve our purpose.

In this SIGBOVINE 2170 contribution, we show our evaluation on
the YOLO, hoping that it will help to avoid cow related tragedies while
helping us with yummy yummy humans.


2 Evaluation on Milky Way species

To establish the performance of the system on well known living species,
we have evaluated YOLO on 15 of the inhabitants of the Milky Way.
Results can be seen in Fig. 3. As YOLO was released before the Earth’s
first contact, it can not recognize most of the species. Not even the Syreen,
which closely resemble the humans, are detected by YOLO, on the other
hand, the Arilou Lalee’lay, the Thraddash, and, surprisingly, the Orz, are
detected as humans.


Figure 5: YOLO results on clothed cows. Note that in the right side of the left
picture there is a hunam, not a cow. Also note how fancy dressing can make a
beautiful cow look younger, as dogs are cow younglings.

3 YOLO on humans and cows

We then evaluated YOLO on humans and cow images, and the results
can be seen in Fig. 4. YOLO is able to successfully distinguish between
cows and exquisite humans quite successfully in this very simple test. It
can even recognize dogs as it can be seen in the lower right image. Our
experts agree that dogs are a the offspring of cows.

4 YOLO on clothed cows

Some suggested that YOLO worked by means of distinguishing between
clothes (the colorful skin that humans segregate), and fur, which is the
very similar skin but of different nature, that cows generate. However, this
is not a general rule as, in our investigation, we found out both hunams
covered in fur, and cows covered by clothes.

Figure 6: YOLO results on furry hunams. The always adaptive humans may
have started to suspect our strategy and develop camouflage. Note the military
use of camouflage in the leftmost figure.

In the case of cows covered by clothes, YOLO has no problems finding
them, as seen in Fig. 5.


5 YOLO on furry humans

We are receiving increasing reports that humans are developing a cam-
ouflage involving fur that might be able to beak our detection. At the
moment, it is unknown if this camouflage is a biological automated reac-
tion to a perceived threat, or a result of conscious design. In Fig. 6 we can
se several examples of humans in camouflage. Very reliable sources have
assured us that, under that cover, there are real mouthwatering humans
inside. Still, YOLO is able to recognize 50% of them with ease, including
the one from the military (the leftmost one).

6 Conclusions

We have evaluated YOLO in challenging conditions on the task of distin-
guishing between the noble and dangerous cows, and the savory hunams.
In easy conditions, YOLO has no trouble distinguising between them, but
humans seems to be already developing a countermeasure to it, in the form
of furry camouflage.

In the future, we plan to use YOLO to further investigate human
beings. To be precise we want to check the rather wild claim that humans
have sexual dimorphism, and answer the questions: do they really have
63 different genders [1]? Which of them are the yummiest?

References

[1] Apath. 63 genders. apath.org/63-genders, 2000.

[2] Joseph Redmon, Santosh Divvala, Ross Girshick, and Ali Farhadi. You
only look once: Unified, real-time object detection. In Proceedings of
the IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,
pages 779–788, 2016.