Ritwik Density Estimation and Analysis Using Real Techniques

Ritwik, Ritwik, Ritwik

ritwikg1, rsdas, ritwikr

Gupta, Das, Rajendra∗
@ andrew.cmu.edu

The Council of Ritwiks @ Carnegie Mellon

Abstract

The distribution of Ritwiks across the world is a question pursued by countless researchers across a
variety of ﬁelds. A yet unanswered question1, we seek to once and for all put this question to rest. We
also provide auxiliary discussion and proofs demonstrating various statistical properties of the Ritwik
population.

1 Distribution of Ritwiks

Comprehensive, boots on the ground research was done to eﬀectively determine the distribution of Ritwiks
across the world. Using Facebook2, we were able to ascertain the location of and establish contact with
Ritwiks everywhere (see Figure 1). We collected a large sample size (N = 12) and used Hamiltonian Monte

Figure 1: Geographical density of Ritwiks, green being low and red being high.The white areas denote the
authors were lazy to make a heat map covering the globe.

Carlo methods to simulate certain parameters that are backed by Bayesian goodness, undeniably proving
that our method is rock solid. We cast a net out to collect the samples , the deep kind of net therefore
guaranteeing the best sample. All data was analyzed with cutting edge tools [1, 2]. The following math not
only looks cool, but makes reviewers think that we did real work because math makes it look that way.


∗Authors are listed in the order of narcissism towards their ﬁrst names
1https://scholar.google.com/scholar?hl=en&as sdt=0%2C39&q=distribution+of+ritwiks&btnG=
2https://facebook.com


1.1 Estimating the Density of “Ritwik” Using Novel Methods

Ritwik is a low frequency name, a statement which has been shown to be true using time-tested methods of
Expected Author Intuition Level (EAIL). Li et. al. [3] state that low frequency names are related to each
other using Zipf’s Law which is stated as follows:

Let X = x1, x2, x3, x4, x5, x6, x7, x8, x9, x10, x11, ..., xN
of names present in the world. 
Let Y = states that: y1, y2, y3, ...yN{}
, N = some large number and X is the vector

}
be the ranking of each xi. Therefore, Zipf’s Law

Y∝1 
Count(X)+ ξ

We completely ignore this rule and use deep learning since representation learning solves all problems.
Assume a low density uniform prior on the density of Ritwik over geographical locations (which are sorted
alphabetically and mapped to whole numbers). When you imagine it in your head, it sure does look like a
line, right? Therefore, we use linear activations in our neural network model, leading to a massive gain in
performance to competing Ritwik density estimators (see Table 2 below).

Method
SVM
SVM + BBN
RBM
Linear NN (ours)

MAP MRP GDP
9.65
0.02
0.05
3.21
0.21
0.45
2.96
0.44
0.68
0.01
0.99
1.00

Table 1: Performance of Ritwik density methods.To generate this table we used a rigorous foolproof exper-
imentation technique called YOLO (You Only Lie Once).

An example of an architecture we did not use is included below as reference, carefully created in MS

Paint for the highest quality rendering and production value.

Figure 2: An architecture that seems like it would give results, that we summarily ignored.

To make our results reproducible, we have stuck to well-backed academic practices of releasing all of our
code on private GitHub repositories only accessible via an email to one of our auxiliary email addresses that
we check once in a blue moon, or after we publish everything of use from the dataset.


2Popularityof“Ritwik”OverTimeThoughRitwiksthemselvesareinsanelypopular3,thenameRitwikitselfhasnotseenwidespreadgaininusagethroughouthistory.Usinghistoricaldatabases,wewereabletoreconstructtheusageofthenameandusepopularmethodssuchasrandomlydrawingalinethatlooksaboutrighttoestimatethefutureusageofthenameaswell(see3).Asevident,thenameRitwikispredictedtoskyrocketasthispaperismadepublic.Eventually,allpeoplewillbenamedRitwik,andtheuniversewillbeatpeace.Figure3:TheoccurrenceofthenameRitwikovertime.Greenlinerepresentstheyearthispaperwaspublished.3OntheImmortalityofRitwiksBasedonthevastquantityofRitwikswehavemet,noneofthemhavebeendeadordeceased.Assuch,weareledtobelievethatallRitwiksareimmortaluntiltheeventualheatdeathoftheuniverse[4].Lemma1.GivenanyRitwik,theaveragelifespanoftheindividualwillbe∞.Figure4:SearchoftheU.S.SocialSecurityDeathIndexfor“Ritwik”.3Refertoourpeers.Proof. Let us assume that all Ritwiks die, for the sake of contradiction. Therefore, a record of death must
exist within the United States Social Security Death Index4. However, we can see in Figure 4, no records of
deceased Ritwiks exist. Therefore, Lemma 1 must hold.

4 Adversarial Ritwiks

With the recent successes in people being able to ﬁnally spell our name properly, adversarial attacks against
our nomenclature have become prevalent. Simple aﬃne transformations often result in massive confusion
amongst peers and colleagues. An example of these transformations can be seen in Table 2 below. Many

Transformation
Ritvik
Ritwick
Rick
Hrithik
“How about I call you Rob?”

Table 2: Example of aﬃne transformations on the name “Ritwik”

defenses exist against adversarial attacks against the name “Ritwik”. Papernot et. al.
[5] suggests that
distilling these toxic people out of your life demonstrates a sizable increase in the quality of life. However,
many attacks have been shown directly bypassing distillation, which means that you’re stuck with hearing
various people call you diﬀerent names for the rest of your life, which as shown in Section 3, is forever.

We have demonstrated absolutely nothing of use, but are still proud of our contribution to the world. If you
are a Ritwik and are currently not a member of the Council, please email us at once to rectify this grave
mistake. If you are currently not named Ritwik and would like to be a member of the Council, please refer
to your country’s name change applications. No Ritwiks were harmed in the making of this paper.

5 Conclusion

References

[1] Matei Zaharia, Mosharaf Chowdhury, Tathagata Das, Ankur Dave, Justin Ma, Murphy McCauley,
Michael J. Franklin, Scott Shenker, and Ion Stoica. Resilient distributed datasets: A fault-tolerant
abstraction for in-memory cluster computing. In Proceedings of the 9th USENIX Conference on Net-
worked Systems Design and Implementation, NSDI’12, pages 2–2, Berkeley, CA, USA, 2012. USENIX
Association.

[2] Fonnesbeck C. Salvatier J., Wiecki T.V. Probabilistic programming in python using pymc3. In PeerJ

Computer Science, 2016.

[3] Wentian Li. Analyses of baby name popularity distribution in u.s. for the last 131 years. 18:1, 09 2012.

[4] Chas A. Egan and Charles H. Lineweaver. A larger estimate of the entropy of the universe. 2009.

[5] N. Papernot, P. McDaniel, X. Wu, S. Jha, and A. Swami. Distillation as a defense to adversarial
perturbations against deep neural networks. In 2016 IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy (SP),
2016.

4http://search.ancestry.com/search/db.aspx?dbid=3693