Personality and Social Psychology Review
1997, Vol. 1, No. 1, 3-25


Copyright C 1997 by
Lawrence Erlbaum Associates, Inc.


PRESIDENTIAL ADDRESS


Beyond Bipolar Conceptualizations and Measures:
The Case of Attitudes and Evaluative Space


John T. Cacioppo
Department ofPsychology
Ohio State University, Columbus
Wendi L. Gardner
Department ofPsychology
Northwestern University
Gary G. Berntson
Department ofPsychology
Ohio State University, Columbus


All organisms must be capable of differentiating hostile from hospitable stimuli to
survive. Typically, this evaluative discrimination is conceptualized as being bipolar
(hostile-hospitable). This conceptualization is certainly evident in the area of atti-
tudes, where the ubiquitous bipolar attitude measure, by gauging the net affective
predisposition toward a stimulus, treats positive and negative evaluative processes as
equivalent, reciprocally activated, and interchangeable. Contrary to conceptualiza-
tions of this evaluative process as bipolar, recent evidence suggests that distinguish-
able motivational systems underlie assessments of the positive and negative signifi-
cance of a stimulus. Thus, a stimulus may vary in terms of the strength of positive
evaluative activation and the strength of negative evaluative activation it evokes. Low
activation of positive and negative evaluative processes by a stimulus reflects attitude
neutrality or indifference, whereas high activation of positive and negative evaluative
processes reflects attitude ambivalence. As such, attitudes can be represented more
completely within a bivariate space than along a bipolar continuum. Evidence is
reviewed showing that the positive and negative evaluative processes underlying many
attitudes are distinguishable (stochastically and functionally independent), are char-
acterized by distinct activation functions (positivity offset and negativity bias princi-
ples), are related differentially to attitude ambivalence (corollary of ambivalence
asymmetries), have distinguishable antecedents (heteroscedacity principle), and tend
to gravitate from a bivariate toward a bipolar structure when the underlying beliefs
are the target of deliberation or a guide for behavior (principle of motivational
certainty). The implications for societal phenomena such as political elections and
democratic structures are discussed.


This article is based on John T. Cacioppo's presidential address to
the Society for Personality and Social Psychology, New York, Au-
gust 12. 1995.


This research was supported by National Science Foundation
Grants SBR-9512459 and DBS-9211483, by National Institute of
Mental Health Grant P50MH52384-01Al, and by funding from the
John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation Program on
Mind-Body Interactions.


We thank David Messick, Jon Krosnick, John Bargh, Marilynn B.
Brewer, William von Hippel, Timothy C. Brock, Sarah T. Boysen,
Stephen L. Crites, Mary A. Snydersmith, Allyson Ankerbrand, Penny
Visser, Barbara L. Andersen, and Bert N. Uchino for their comments
on or contributions to various aspects of this research.


Requests for reprints should be sent to John T. Cacioppo, Depart-
ment of Psychology, Ohio State University, 1885 Neil Avenue,
Columbus, OH 43210-1222. E-mail: cacioppo.l @osu.edu.


 CACIOPPO, GARDNER, & BERNTSON


The causes and consequences of social behavior are
readily observable and appear to be self-evident. From
inquisitive journalists to power-seeking politicians,
from well-intentioned physicians to chance seat part-
ners on airplanes, many seem to believe they already
know how families work, why people live in poverty,
what fosters violence, and why Johnny can't read. Some
have therefore reasoned that all but reductionistic sci-
entific analyses of social behavior are superfluous. In
recent years, genetic markers of alcoholism, obesity,
and impulsivity have been heralded as major scientific
breakthroughs in the media whereas demonstrations of
situational and social determinants have been largely
ignored.


The problem of obviousness is pervasive in the
social sciences (Lazarsfeld, 1949; Nisbett & Wilson,
1977). It may appear self-evident that the opposite of
good is bad, and equally intuitive that the same stimulus
can arouse feelings of both good and bad. It appears
obvious that opposites attract and that birds of a feather
flock together; it is less apparent that both of these
intuitions cannot generally be true. According to Laz-
arsfeld (1949):


It is hard to find a form of behavior that has not already
been observed somewhere. Consequently, if a study
reports a prevailing regularity, many people respond
to it by thinking, "Of course that is the way things are."
(p. 379)


Among the tasks confronting social scientists are sort-
ing through axioms, developing theories that specify
the conditions under which each holds, and devising
measures that illuminate the psychological operations
underlying the obvious. All three of these tasks are at
least as important as the pursuit of reductionism (Ca-
cioppo & Berntson, 1992). Early theoreticians and con-
temporary researchers have noted that positivity and
negativity may be separable, for instance, yet bipolar
conceptualizations and self-report measures of attitudes
and affect have continued to dominate the field (D. P.
Green, Goldman, & Salovey, 1993; cf. Cacioppo &
Berntson, 1994).


The problem of obviousness may be exacerbated by
the reliance on verbal reports but may also be attribut-
able in part to the relative youth of the social sciences.
To anyone who has ever participated in or watched a
contact sport, Newton's second law of motion-force
= mass * acceleration-is hardly surprising or counter-
intuitive. However, it also appeared obvious that the sun
circled the earth. As personally compelling and occa-
sionally accurate as intuition can be, older fields of
science have sufficient histories with the foibles of
intuition and are less biased to accept commonsense
axioms without the same rigorous empiricism to which
nonintuitive hypotheses are subjected.


People's perceptions, interpretations, and construals
of stimuli and events in their world are clearly powerful
determinants of behavior. It is worth remembering,
however, that these mental states are neither universally
accurate nor the only determinants of social behavior
(e.g., Bargh, 1994; Greenwald & Banaji, 1995). Intui-
tions and reportable mental states are important phe-
nomena for social scientists to quantify and understand,
just as it was important for physicists and astronomers
to understand why it was that the sun appeared to be
circling the earth. However, just as the personal expe-
rience that the earth is motionless obstructed rather than
illuminated the underlying processes that produced this
percept, intuitions can subtly hinder the understanding
of social phenomena. This is particularly the case when
reportable mental states are assumed to reflect explana-
tions (processes) rather than psychological endpoints or
states (Nisbett & Wilson, 1977).


Attitudes and Other Bipolar
Constructs


In the present article, we consider the case of atti-
tudes as a psychological phenomenon and the ubiqui-
tous bipolar attitude scale as the measurement instru-
ment. The concept of attitude remains one of the most
important in personality and social psychology. Among
the reasons the concept of attitudes has occupied a
central role in psychology are that attitudes (a) are a
pervasive aspect of mental and social life, (b) influence
a wide range of decisions and behaviors, (c) act as a
summary statistic for knowledge about and reactions to
stimuli, and (d) reduce the effort or stress of decision
making.


The dominant conceptualization of attitudes as a
unidimensional evaluative categorization or response
dates back to the time of Thurstone (1928, 1931):


Several years ago when I was teaching conventional
psychophysics, it seemed to me that psychophysics
was really a very dull subject in spite of the fact that it
did offer the satisfaction of clean and quantitative
logic.... One way in which to retain the satisfactions
that can be found in the logic of this subject is to change
its content. ... Instead of asking a person, "Which of
these two little cylinders is the heavier?" ... we might
as well ask him something interesting, such as, "Which
of these two nationalities do you in general prefer ... ?"
or, "Which of these two pictures or colored designs do
you like better?" (Thurstone, 1931, pp. 249-250)


Thurstone (1928, 1931) used psychophysical phenom-
ena such as brightness and temperature as a model for
his bipolar conceptualization and measure of attitudes.


The opposite of dim, for instance, is bright (i.e., bright
and dim are reciprocally related), and bright and dim
can be treated as polar opposites and measured accord-
ingly. The positive and negative processes underlying
attitudes were similarly treated as being polar opposites
and have traditionally been measured on bipolar scales.
Indeed, the bipolarity of attitudes and attitude measures
has only occasionally been questioned (cf. Cacioppo &
Berntson, 1994; R. F. Green & Goldfried, 1965).


Laypersons might ask what could possibly be wrong
with the conceptualization of attitudes as bipolar or the
measurement of attitude using bipolar scales. After all,
is the dichotomy between positive and negative not
obvious, stable, expected, and psychologically harmo-
nious? Is it not self-evident that the opposite of harmful
is beneficial, optimism is pessimism, wise is foolish,
and good is bad? Is not the bipolarity of attitudes one
of the few generally accepted principles across the
social sciences?


The bipolar conceptualization of attitudes implies
that the positive and negative evaluative processes un-
derlying attitudes are reciprocally activated and inter-
changeable; as an individual's negative regard for a
stimulus increases, the net effect-in terms of the atti-
tude-is that the positive regard for the stimulus de-
creases. The endorsement of positive beliefs about an
attitude object is treated as equivalent to the rejection
of negative beliefs about the object. Accordingly, the
evaluative processes elicited by an object are thought
to range along a single continuum between two end-
points: maximally positive (and minimally negative) to
maximally negative (and minimally positive). Attitudes
have thus been conceptualized (and measured) as being
analogous to the position of a balance knob on an audio
stereo, with very negative and very positive substituted
for left speaker and right speaker.


The assumption that positive and negative evalu-
ative processes are reciprocally controlled and inter-
changeable was an important starting point that simpli-
fied the measurement of attitudes: The endpoints could
be placed on a single (bipolar) continuum, and attitudes
could be measured along this continuum. Furthermore,
the bipolar conceptualization underscored the principle
that positivity and negativity generally had antagonistic
effects on attitudes and behavior (e.g., Lewin, 1935).
This conceptualization and measurement strategy fit
well with the behavioral dispositions of approach-with-
drawal, and some early attitude theorists working dur-
ing the heyday of behaviorism defined attitudes as
nothing more than a bivalent action disposition toward
a stimulus (e.g., Doob, 1947). With the advent of the
cognitive paradigm in psychology, attitude theorists
began distinguishing evaluative categorizations of
stimuli from bivalent action dispositions toward stimuli
(e.g., Berntson, Boysen, & Cacioppo, 1993; Cacioppo,


Crites, Berntson, & Coles, 1993; Crites, Cacioppo,
Gardner, & Berntson, 1995; Zanna & Rempel, 1988).
Nevertheless, the notion that the evaluative processes
underlying attitudes are reciprocally activated contin-
ued largely unchallenged.


In the present article, we propose a conceptualization
of attitudes that emphasizes their motivational sub-
strates and, in particular, the distinctions between the
motivational processes underlying positive and nega-
tive evaluative processes. These motivational substrates
are conceptualized as two fundamental, evolutionarily
adaptive, information-organizing, goal-oriented, action-
guiding systems that are instantiated in distinctive brain
mechanisms (Cacioppo & Berntson, 1994). These moti-
vational substrates are further assumed to underlie
primitive affective as well as attitudinal processes. The
term evaluative processes is used here as a general term
to refer to any means by which organisms distinguish
hostile from hospitable stimuli in their environment.
Evidence in the literature and from our laboratory is
reviewed indicating that the positive and negative
evaluative processes underlying many attitudes (a) are
distinguishable (stochastically and functionally inde-
pendent), (b) are characterized by distinct activation
functions (positivity offset and negativity bias), (c) are
related differentially to attitude ambivalence (corollary
of ambivalence asymmetries), (d) have distinguishable
antecedents (heteroscedacity), and (e) tend to gravitate
from a bivariate toward a bipolar structure when the
underlying beliefs are the target of deliberation or a
guide for behavior (desire for motivational certainty).


Much has been written in recent years about the
structure and measurement of positive and negative
moods (e.g., Diener & Iran-Nejad, 1986; D. P. Green et
al., 1993; Lang, 1995; Larsen & Diener, 1992; Russell,
Lewicka, & Niit, 1989; Tellegen, 1985; Watson, 1988).
We are concerned here, however, with evaluative proc-
esses and the resulting attitudes, not moods or people's
conceptual organization of emotions. As should be-
come clear, there may be important differences in the
processes operating to discriminate hostile from hospi-
table stimuli and those underlying people's moods and
conceptual organizations of attitudes and emotions.


We should also be clear from the outset that we are
not suggesting that positive and negative evaluative
processes are agonistic in their effects on attitudes and
behavior but instead we, too, assume their effects are
generally antagonistic. The set of assumptions justify-
ing the measurement of attitude using bipolar scales
might be expressed as follows (Cacioppo & Berntson,
1994):


1. An attitude is a joint function of positive (appe-
titive) and negative (aversive) affective/motiva-
tional reactions to a stimulus.


2. Positive and negative reactions to a stimulus
have generally opposing effects on an attitude.


3. The positive and negative reactions that deter-
mine an attitude toward a stimulus are essen-
tially reciprocally controlled.'


The assumption that is being question is not the sec-
ond-the antagonistic effects of positive and negative
hedonic processes on attitudes-but the third: the uni-
formly bipolar (reciprocal) activation of the positive
and negative evaluative processes underlying attitudes.
We posit that reciprocal effects between positive and
negative evaluative processes do exist but so do nonre-
ciprocal effects.


Bipolar Versus Bivariate
Conceptualizations


To be sure, there are in fact bipolarities and dichoto-
mies in the world. The physical phenomena of hot and
cold are bipolar concepts because cold represents liter-
ally the absence of heat. As cold increases, heat de-
creases. The transfer (i.e., activation) functions for hot
and cold are essentially mirror images of one another.
Reducing the physical heat of an object is equivalent to
increasing the coolness of the object.


Although there are bipolarities in the world, there is
also a natural tendency for people to simplify their
worlds by introducing artificial bipolarities and di-
chotomies when assigning psychological meaning.
People filter, level, and simplify information during
encoding and decoding. Is it not likely that people
simplify their affective reactions to stimuli as well? If
so, then the treatment of the positivity and negativity
aroused by an attitude object as falling along a bipolar
continuum may conform well to common personal
experience, but this experience-like the appearance of
the sun circling the earth-may reflect a psychological
or behavioral endpoint or outcome, not a process. This
endpoint is important to explain but its existence does
not imply that the underlying processes are organized
similarly.
In an important theoretical development in the area of emotions
for instance, Lang, Bradley, and Cuthbert (1990) reviewed evidence
for the separability of appetitive and aversive motivational systems
and for the antagonistic effects of each system. However, they also
assumed a reciprocal relationship between these systems (cf. Lang,
1995). They stated, for instance, that "a reciprocal rule is also postu-
lated: A mismatched reflex (e.g., a defensive reflex initiated during
a pleasant state of affairs) will show relative inhibition or attenuation"
(p. 377), and that "these systems were held to have reciprocal inhibi-
tory connections that modulated learned responses and reactions to
new, unconditioned input" (p. 381).


Even though physical constraints may restrict be-
havioral manifestations to bivalent actions (ap-
proach-withdrawal), early behavioral theorists recog-
nized that approach and withdrawal were behavioral
manifestations that could come from distinguishable
motivational substrates (Miller, 1951, 1961). Conflict
theory was enriched by conceptualizing approach and
withdrawal separately, investigating their unique ante-
cedents and consequences, and examining the psycho-
logical and physiological constraints that typically led
to the reciprocal activation of approach and withdrawal
tendencies (Berntson et al., 1993; Lang, Bradley, &
Cuthbert, 1990).


Attitude theory and measurement may similarly
benefit from expanding the principle of reciprocal
evaluative activation to accommodate (a) the distin-
guishable activation of positive and negative evaluative
processes, (b) the investigation of their unique antece-
dents and consequences, and (c) the examination of the
psychological and physiological constraints that pro-
duce their reciprocal activation. We recently proposed
such a model in which the activation of positivity and
of negativity is conceived as representing the outcome
of distinguishable motivational (and brain) processes
with only partially overlapping antecedents and some-
what different transfer functions (Cacioppo & Bernt-
son, 1994). Furthermore, nonreciprocal and inde-
pendent (uncoupled) as well as reciprocal effects of
positive and negative evaluative processes were posited
to exist. One of the implications of this model is that a
bipolar dimension and measure may be insufficient to
portray comprehensively the evaluative processes un-
derlying attitudes; instead, a two-dimensional repre-
sentation of positive and negative evaluative activation
may be minimally required.


The bivariate evaluative space depicted in Figure 1,
for instance, accommodates all possible combinations
of positive and negative evaluative activation: (a) the
reciprocal mode of evaluative activation is represented
as one diagonal vector that ranges from maximal posi-
tivity/minimal negativity to maximal negativity/mini-
mal positivity, (b) the nonreciprocal mode of evaluative
activation is represented as the alternate diagonal that
ranges from minimal positivity and negativity to maxi-
mal positivity and negativity, and (c) the uncoupled
modes of evaluative activation are represented as vec-
tors lying along the axes. The family of vectors parallel
to the aforementioned represent the general categories,
or modes, of evaluative activation expressed from vary-
ing starting points within the two-dimensional plane
depicted in evaluative space. The essential question in
a bivariate framework is not whether positive and nega-
tive evaluative processes are reciprocally activated, but
rather under what conditions are they reciprocally, non-
reciprocally, or independently activated. Thus, this bi-
variate evaluative space does not reject the bipolar
conceptualization but rather subsumes it as the recipro-
cal diagonal and the family of vectors parallel to this
diagonal.


Figure 1. Bivariate evaluative space. The left axis represents the
level of excitatory activation of positive evaluative processes
(labeled positivity), and the right axis represents the level of
excitatory activation of negative evaluative processes (labeled
negativity). Along each axis, the level of activity increases with
movement away from the front axis intersection. The dotted
diagonal extending from the left to the right axis intersections
represents the diagonal of reciprocal control (labeled reciprocity).
The dashed diagonal extending from the back to the front axis
intersections depicts the diagonal of nonreciprocal control (la-
beled coactivity). The arrows alongside the axes represent uncou-
pled changes in positive or in negative evaluative processing.
These diagonals and axes, and vectors parallel to them, illustrate
the major modes of evaluative activation. Note. From "Relation-
ship Between Attitudes and Evaluative Space: A Critical Review,
With Emphasis on the Separability of Positive and Negative
Substrates," by J. T. Cacioppo and G. G. Berntson, 1994,Psycho-
logical Bulletin, 115, p. 402. Copyright i 1994 by the American
Psychological Association. Reprinted with permission.


Figure 2. Graphic representation of the dynamics of an ap-
proach-avoidance conflict. Note. From "Liberalization of Basic
S-R Concepts: Extensions to Conflict Behavior, Motivation and
Social Learning," by N. E. Miller, in S. Koch (Ed.), Psychology:
A Study of a Science, Study 1 (p. 407), 1959, New York: McGraw-
Hill. Copyright © 1959 by the McGraw-Hill Companies. Re-
printed with permission of the McGraw-Hill Companies.


If the positive and negative hedonic processes un-
derlying people's attitudes are not polar opposites, then
evidence of uncoupled and nonreciprocal activation as
well as reciprocal activation should exist. Indeed, a
particularly powerful type of data for a bivariate rather
than bipolar framework is evidence that both positive
and negative valent forces can be activated by the same
manipulation. The classic research by Neal Miller
(1948, 1959, 1961, 1966) is an interesting early case in
point. Miller's (1959) research on conflict demon-
strated that animals approached the goal when distant
from it, withdrew from the goal when near it, and
hesitated when at the distance from the goal at which
the approach and avoidance gradients intersect. Fur-
thermore, Miller and colleagues found that both the
strength of approach and the strength of avoidance (or
withdrawal) increased as the distance from the goal
decreased (as depicted by the positive gradients in
Figure 2). This result suggested that not only were
positive and negative processes distinguishable in their
influence on approach-withdrawal behavior, but the
same spatial cue (e.g., distance from the goal box) could
produce a coactivation of positive and negative motiva-
tional processes. These observations are in complete
accord with the model of evaluative space, where the
difference between the activation of positivity and the
activation of negativity at any point within evaluative
space reflects the strength and valence of the bipolar
disposition arising as a result of the bivariate compo-
nents.


Distinctions Between the Positivity and
Negativity Underlying Attitudes


We have suggested that the motivational substrates
underlying positive and negative evaluative processes
and attitudes are two distinct, fundamental action-guid-
ing systems that are instantiated in distinctive brain
mechanisms, and that these motivational substrates can
be reciprocally activated, individually activated, or
nonreciprocally activated (i.e., coactivated, coin-
hibited). Neurophysiological evidence across species
dating back to the mid-1950s (Delgado, Roberts, &
Miller, 1954; Olds, 1958; Olds & Milner, 1954) is
consistent with the notion that positive and negative
hedonic processes rely at least partially on distinct
neural mechanisms. More recently, Gray (e.g., 1990,
1991) outlined separate motivational and neural sub-
strates underlying approach and withdrawal behaviors
based on his animal research, and LeDoux (1995) out-
lined neural circuitry involved in fear conditioning. The
amygdala, for instance, has been implicated in goal-ori-
ented withdrawal (e.g., fear) behaviors, whereas the
nucleus accumbens-ventral tegmental area, lateral
septal nucleus, and tenia tecta (in the prefrontal cor-
tex)-are among the areas that may be involved in
goal-oriented approach behaviors.


Brain imaging research in humans is also consistent
with the notion that different cerebral structures are
involved in positive and negative hedonic processes. In
a recent study by George and his colleagues (George et
al., 1995), regional cerebral blood flow was measured
using positron emission tomography (PET) in 11
healthy women who induced happiness, sadness, or
neutral emotions by recalling affect-laden or neutral
memories while looking at congruent happy, sad, or
neutral human faces. Comparisons between the sad-
ness-minus-neutral and the happy-minus-neutral con-
ditions revealed that, rather than reciprocal changes in
blood flow to the same brain regions, a change from sad
to happy affective state produced increased cerebral
blood flow to entirely different brain regions. These
results supply suggestive human evidence that that the
neural mechanisms involved in the experience of posi-
tive and negative states differ.


There are psychological as well as physiological data
that call into question the sufficiency of a bipolar con-
ceptualization and measure of attitudes. With true bipo-
lar constructs such as hot and cold, the value of one pole
cannot be altered without there being an opposite and
essentially equal effect on the other. When heat is
removed from an element, the element becomes colder.
Cold is the absence of heat. Events can, however, affect
positivity without altering negativity, and vice versa.
For instance, the efficacy of systematic desensitization
in diminishing negative feelings-such as lessening the
feelings of disgust upon seeing a cockroach-can be
thought of as lowering the activation of negative moti-
vational forces acting on an individual. This reduction
in disgust upon seeing a cockroach through systematic
desensitization need not increase positive motivational
forces. Unlike cold and heat, a lessening of negativity
does not necessarily produce concomitant increases in
positivity, and vice versa.


This point is illustrated by Goldstein and Strube's
(1994) study of students' reactions to academic success
and failure. Goldstein and Strube (1994) administered
Watson, Clark, and Tellegen's (1988) Positive and Nega-
tive Affect Schedule (PANAS) to students at the begin-
ning and end of a class session on three successive class
meetings. These class meetings were selected such that the
participants completed the PANAS on the first and third
day of the study and students received performance feed-
back on a class examination on the second day. The
students were instructed on the first and third days to
indicate on the PANAS how they felt "right now (that is,
at the present moment)" (Goldstein & Strube, 1994, p. 59).


These data should be interpreted cautiously. It is likely, for
instance, that some of the structures that are involved in evaluative
reactions are activated so transiently that they may not be identified
by 1-min scanning procedures (Robinson, 1995). In addition, an
association between changes in regional brain blood flow and tran-
sient emotional state does not mean they are causally linked (Sarter,
Berntson, & Cacioppo, 1996). It is noteworthy, however, that re-
search on patients with focal brain lesions, although preliminary, has
provided converging evidence for the separability of the neural
mechanisms underlying positive and negative evaluative (affective)
processes. Robinson (1995), for instance, observed that a patient with
a basal ganglia lesion did not report experiencing happy emotion but
did experience fearful emotion.


Analyses of the responses to the PANAS indicated
that students who scored above the mean (i.e., who
received success feedback) showed elevations in posi-
tive affect but no change in negative affect, whereas
students who scored below the mean (i.e., who received
failure feedback) showed elevations in negative affect
but no change in positive affect (see Figure 3). Gold-
stein and Strube (1994) further found nonsignificant
correlations within each measurement period between
the measures of positivity and negativity. Thus, not only
were the momentary feelings of positivity and negativ-
ity independent, but the activation of positive and nega-
tive evaluative processes were uncoupled-with differ-
ent events (success and failure feedback, respectively)
associated with the uncoupled activation of positive
versus negative evaluative processes (see also Mat-
thews, Wilkinson, & Robbins, 1996).


The Goldstein and Strube (1994) study demonstrates
that positive and negative affective reactions can be
uncoupled, but it bears only indirectly on the inde-
pendence of the positive and negative evaluative proc-
esses underlying attitudes. To address this issue, we
(Cacioppo, Crites, Snydersmith, & Gardner, 1996) con-
ducted a study in collaboration with Steve Crites and
Mary Snydersmith to investigate the evaluative under-
pinnings of the attitudes of undergraduate women to-
ward their college roomates. The participants in the
study-all of whom lived in dormitories on cam-
pus-were asked to indicate how they felt about their
roommate using the PANAS, to indicate the extent to
which they considered their roommate a friend and the
amount of time they spent with their roommate, and to
characterize their general mood using the PANAS. The
study was conducted during the spring quarter of their
first year in college, and all participants had lived with
their roomates for more than two quarters.


Figure 3. Standardized affect ratings as a function of exam
performance, time of measurement, and type of affect. Note.
From "Independence Revisited: The Relation Between Positive
and Negative Affect in a Naturalistic Setting," by M. D. Goldstein
and M. J. Strube, 1994, Personality and Social Psychology Bulle-
tin, 20, p. 61. Copyright 1994 by Sage Publications. Reprinted
by permission of Sage Publications.


Cronbach's alpha coefficients, which are depicted along
the diagonal of Table 1, indicated that the internal consis-
tencies of the scales measuring positivity and negativity
were comparable and high. Correlational analyses summa-
rized in Table 1 further suggested that the positivity and
negativity elicited by the roommate were stochastically
independent. That is, participants who felt very positively
about their roommates were no more or less likely to feel
negatively about the roommate than participants who felt
only somewhat positively about their roommate. We (Ca-
cioppo et al., 1996) further found evidence for functional
independence between the positive and negative affects
elicited by the roommate, as only the level of positivity
predicted the extent of the friendship and the amount of time
spentwith the roommate (for similar evidence in the political
arena, see Abelson, Kinder, Peters, & Fiske, 1982).


More recently, we examined the evaluative substrates of
people's attitudes toward blood donation (Gardner & Ca-
cioppo, 1995, 1996; see also Cacioppo & Gardner, 1993).
In Study 1 of Gardner and Cacioppo (1996), 56 participants
listed thoughts about blood donation. The 9 most frequently
listed positive thoughts (e.g., "Donating blood would give
me a good feeling afterward") and the 9 most frequently
listed negative thoughts (e.g., "Donating blood would leave
me weak afterward") about blood donation were used as
items in Study 2.


In Study 2, 100 participants expressed their evalu-
ations of blood donation by rating this topic on each of
the 18 items generated in Study 1 using 5-point (-2 to
+2) Likert-like scales. Reliability analyses resulted in
the retention of 12 items. Factor analyses and scree tests
revealed a two-factor solution accounting for 51.4% of
the variance (6 Positivity items, Cronbach's a = .88; 6
Negativity items, Cronbach's a = .70). The Positivity
and Negativity factors were uncorrelated (r = -.08, ns).


In Study 3, 317 participants completed the 12-item
scale for assessing evaluations of blood donation that
was developed in Study 2. The Positivity and Negativity
factors were again uncorrelated (r = -.07, ns), replicat-
ing the results of Study 2. Confirmatory factor analyses
testing one-, two-, and four-factor solutions confirmed
that the two-factor (Positivity x Negativity) solution
was optimal (Cronbach's as = .87 and .80, respec-
tively). These data suggest that the positive and nega-
tive beliefs underlying people's attitudes toward blood
donation are distinguishable (i.e., stochastically inde-
pendent) and cohere within valence.


Upon completion of Study 3, the participants also
completed a behavioral measure, used by the Red Cross,
in which they expressed their willingness to donate
blood (Gardner & Cacioppo, 1996). Four distinct
groups of participants were identified based on median
splits:


1. Participants for whom blood donation evoked
low positivity and high negativity (negative
attitudes).


2. Participants for whom blood donation evoked
low positivity and low negativity (attitude neu-
trality or indifference).


3. Participants for whom blood donation evoked
high positivity and high negativity (attitude am-
bivalence).


4. Participants for whom blood donation evoked
high positivity and low negativity (positive at-
titudes).


Analyses of the measure of behavioral intentions indi-
cated not only that participants with positive attitudes
were more willing to donate blood than participants
with negative attitudes, but that participants with neu-
tral attitudes toward blood donation were less willing
to donate than participants who felt ambivalent about
donating blood. This result would not have been evident
had we relied solely on bipolar attitude measures. More
important, these data imply that attitudes that fall dif-
ferentially within a bivariate (Positivity x Negativity)
evaluative space, but would have to be placed compa-
rably along the midpoint of a bipolar attitude scale, may
have different motivational substrates and behavioral
consequences.


Table 1. College Roommates: The Bivariate Evaluative Organization Underlying
Attitudes and Behaviors


The evaluative substrates of social processes such as
in-group favoritism and intergroup discrimination
(Brewer, in press; Mummendey, 1995) and critical
social attitudes such as racial prejudice also appear to
adhere more to a bivariate than a bipolar conceptuali-
zation. Patchen, Hofman, and Davidson (1976), for
instance, conducted a factor-analytic study of the racial
attitudes of more than 4,000 desegregated Black and
White high school students. Their results indicated that
the positive and negative racial attitudes were not
merely opposite ends ofa continuum. Rather, one factor
was characterized as a general positive evaluation of
Blacks or Whites, and a second factor was characterized
as a general negative evaluation of Blacks or Whites.
Some individuals felt neither positively nor negatively
about African Americans, whereas others felt both very
positively and very negatively about African Ameri-
cans. If the racial attitudes of these groups were meas-
ured on a bipolar scale, the attitudes of each would fall
along the midpoint of the scale even though the moti-
vational forces underlying these attitudes differ dra-
matically. Consistent with the results of Patchen,
Davidson, Hofman, and Brown (1977), a sizeable lit-
erature has emerged on the distinctions between posi-
tive and negative racial attitudes (e.g., Hass, Katz,
Rizzo, Bailey, & Moore, 1992; Katz & Hass, 1988;
Katz, Wackenhut, & Hass, 1986; Patchen et al., 1977;
Pettigrew & Meertens, 1995).


Figure 4. Illustrative bivariate evaluative space and its associ-
ated attitudinal surface. This surface represents the attitudinal
disposition of an individual toward (+) orawayfrom (-) the target
stimulus. The attitudinal disposition is expressed in relative units
and the axis dimensions are in relative units of activation. The
point on the surface overlying the left axis intersection represents
a maximally positive attitude, and the point on the surface over-
lying the right axis intersection represents a maximally negative
attitude. Each of the points overlying the dashed diagonal extend-
ing from the back to the front axis intersections depict the same
midpoint attitude. Thus, the nonreciprocal diagonal on the evalu-
ative plane-which represents different evaluative processes
(e.g., neutral to ambivalent)-yields the same middling expres-
sion on the attitudinal surface. Dashed lines (including the coac-
tivity diagonal) represent isoattitudinal contours on the
evaluative plane. These isoattitudinal contours are illustrative
rather than exhaustive. Note. From "Relationship Between Atti-
tudes and Evaluative Space: A Critical Review, With Emphasis
on the Separability of Positive and Negative Substrates," by J. T.
Cacioppo and G. G. Berntson, 1994, Psychological Bulletin, 115,
p. 412. Copyright C) 1994 by the American Psychological Asso-
ciation. Reprinted with permission.


The results of these studies suggest that a two-di-
mensional representation of positive and negative
evaluative activation may provide a more comprehen-
sive formulation for understanding attitudes than the
traditional bipolar model. One such representation is the
bivariate evaluative plane depicted in Figure 1, which
accommodates all possible combinations of positive
and negative evaluative activation.


In the next section, we offer a model by which these
evaluative processes map into attitudinal expressions.
The theory described in the next section is designed to
depict, at least in part:


1. How people respond to bipolar attitude scales
(depicted on the vertical axis in Figure 4).


2. The deeper composition (motivational substrates)
of points on bipolar attitude scales (depicted as loci
within the Positivity x Negativity plane in Figure 4).


3. How these motivational subsystems are com-
bined to produce an attitudinal expression (depicted in
the computational model by which points on the evalu-
ative plane map into the overlying attitudinal surface;
e.g., see Equation 1).


4. The various modes of evaluative activation (re-
ciprocal, uncoupled, and nonreciprocal modes of evalu-
ative activation).


The Evaluative Space Model of Attitudes:
By the Numbers


The Positivity x Negativity plane depicted in Figures
1 and 4 represent the status in psychological (evalu-
ative) space, whereas the resulting behavioral predispo-
sition to approach or withdraw can be represented in
terms of an overlying surface. That is, it is possible to
derive an attitudinal surface for all combinations of
positivity and negativity. The exact shape of the attitu-
dinal surface is dependent on the form of the activation
functions, the relative value of the weighting coeffi-
cients, and the scaling of the axes. For purposes of an
initial illustration, the weights in Figure 4 were assumed
to be equal, the activation functions for positivity and
for negativity were assumed to have an exponent of 0.5
(e.g., power functions representative of psychophysi-
cal functions), and the interaction and error terms
were assumed to be zero. The resulting attitudinal
surface overlying the evaluative plane is that depicted
in Figure 4.


There are a number of features and properties of this
evaluative plane and attitudinal surface that are worth
noting here because they depend only on the positivity
and the negativity functions being monotonic. First, it
distinguishes between traditional attitude expressions
(and the general approach-withdrawal tendencies) that
are depicted by loci on the attitudinal surface and the
underlying motivational substrates that are depicted by
loci on the evaluative plane. J. D. Edwards and Ostrom
(1971), for instance, investigated attitude ratings of
"neutral attitudes" that derived from (a) all neutral
experiences with an attitude object or (b) a wide range
of positive, neutral, and negative experiences. In the
bivariate model of evaluative space, the former experi-
ences are conceptualized as producing a neutral attitude
and a middling rating on a bipolar attitude scale because
neither positive nor negative evaluative processes were
activated, whereas the latter more varied experiences
are conceptualized as producing a more ambivalent
attitude and a middling rating on a bipolar attitude scale
due to the coactivation of positive and negative evalu-
ative processes. Edwards and Ostrom (1971) found that
although these different substrates of neutral attitudes
were apparent in their belief protocols, these attitude
differences were not evident using Fishbein and Raven's
(1962) five semantic differential scales (bad-good,
harmful-beneficial, wise-foolish, sick-healthy, and
dirty-clean) or a self-rating scale that ranged from 1
(highly unfavorable) to 8 (highly favorable; Anderson,
1965). Inspection of the vertical axis associated with
loci on the attitudinal surface in Figure 4 conforms to
this empirical finding in that changes in the evaluative
processes underlying an attitude (i.e., changes in values
on the evaluative plane) may not result in measurable
changes using bipolar scales (i.e., values on the attitu-
dinal surface).


The relationship between loci on the evaluative
plane and points on the attitudinal surface is generally
characterized by a many-to-one mapping. That is, each
coordinate on the evaluative plane dictates a specific
value on the attitudinal surface, but it is not the case that
each value on the attitudinal surface translates un-
equivocally into a specific coordinate on the evaluative
plane. It is for this reason that the evaluative (psycho-
logical) processes underlying an attitude may change
without an apparent change on a bipolar attitude scale.


This is most obvious along (although not limited to)
the coactivity diagonal, which extends from the front to
the back corners of the evaluative plane. For any level
of negative activation, the surface rises as positivity
increases; for any level of positive activation, the sur-
face falls as negativity increases. Therefore, as one
moves from indifference to ambivalence, the surface
rises in the direction of positivity and falls in the direc-
tion of negativity so the net changes are relatively small
or negligible. Thus, as is apparent from inspecting
Figure 4, all of the points along the coactivity diagonal
map into the same value on the attitudinal surface. At
the front corner of the evaluative plane, the activation
level of both positivity and negativity equals zero, the
resulting positivity and negativity equal zero, and the
combination of these outputs is zero. The eliciting
stimulus in this case evokes neutrality-that is, no
affectivity (as reflected by the locus on the evaluative
plane)-and the attitudinal response would be a mid-
dling position on a bipolar attitude scale (as reflected
by the locus on the attitudinal surface). At the far corner,
in contrast, the activation level of both positivity and
negativity is maximal and their outputs are asymptotic,
but the combination of these outputs still equals zero.
The eliciting stimulus in this case evokes a great deal
of affectivity and ambivalence (as reflected by the locus
on the evaluative plane), but the attitudinal response on
a bipolar scale is again a middling position (as reflected
by the locus on the attitudinal surface).


The coactivity diagonal can be thought of as an
isoattitudinal expression contour-a set of distinct loci
on the evaluative plane that map into the same attitudi-
nal expression (i.e., many-to-one mapping). It is impor-
tant to note that many isoattitudinal contours exist on
the evaluative plane (e.g., see the dashed lines in Figure
4). Furthermore, this form of many-to-one mapping
may render ambiguous the psychological significance
of an attitude expression. That is, measurements ob-
tained from the attitudinal surface that fall above an
isoattitudinal contour do not allow unambiguous infer-
ences to be drawn about a person's attitudinal disposi-
tion using a bipolar index because any such measure-
ment has multiple potential origins in the evaluative
plane, each of which has quite different psychological
implications (cf. Cacioppo & Tassinary, 1990). Thus,
isoattitudinal contours represent regions of indeter-
minism in the mapping from the attitudinal surface
(e.g., bipolar attitude scale responses) onto the under-
lying evaluative plane. Indeed, the studies just outlined
suggest that the behavioral implications for neutral and
ambivalent attitudes may differ in important respects
(see also Lewin, 1935).


Attitude theory and research are among the richest
and most developed in the social sciences. We do not
mean to imply that measurements of the attitudinal
surface have no bearing on their underlying origins as
represented in the bivariate evaluative plane. Note, for
instance, that as the locus on the evaluative plane moves
toward either the left or the right corner in Figure 4, the
region of indeterminism becomes smaller until, at the
extreme left and right corners, one-to-one mappings are
achieved between the points on the evaluative plane and
the attitudinal surface. The diagonal connecting these
two corners, of course, reflects the reciprocal modes of
evaluative activation-the implicit assumption under-
lying the ubiquitous bipolar scale (and, consequently,
many theories) in the area of attitudes. Given that the
only reasonably good mapping between surface meas-
ures and their underlying psychological origin is found
in regions near the corners of the reciprocal diagonal, it
perhaps should not be surprising that the past 60 years
of research on attitudes can be interpreted as falling
along this diagonal. Factors that produce nonreciprocal
movements along the evaluative plane (e.g., the coacti-
vation of positivity and negativity) produce attitudinal
manifestations that are largely indistinguishable using
bipolar scales. In the absence of distinguishable mani-
festations, these factors appear to have little or no effect
on attitudes and would be assigned little or no signifi-
cance in attitude theories. Thus, bipolar attitude concep-
tualizations and scales may have shaped and con-
strained attitude theories in more fundamental and
substantial ways than generally recognized. Other re-
gions of the evaluative plane may be at least as impor-
tant to understand, but the interpretive restrictions of
traditional attitude conceptualizations and measures
may have limited theory and investigation of these
regions.


The model presented in Figure 4 depicts the transfer
functions for positivity and negativity as being identi-
cal, and we believe this model is an oversimplification.
We and numerous other investigators have suggested
that there are differential activation functions for posi-
tivity and negativity (e.g., Cacioppo & Berntson, 1994;
Gilbert, 1993; Miller, 1959; Mummendey, 1995;
Peeters & Czapinski, 1990; Skowronski & Carlston,
1989). We review representative evidence in the next
section, and we present a more complete computational
model of evaluative space and attitudes that takes these
differential activation functions into account.


Differential Activation Functions for
Positivity and Negativity


Recall that Neal Miller and colleagues demonstrated
that the manipulation of positive and negative environ-
mental contingencies in the same situation consistently
had opposing effects on approach-withdrawal behav-
iors. Miller (1959) also posited that when positive and
negative motivational forces were coactivated, the
stronger dominated (although vacillation was predicted
and observed; see Cacioppo & Berntson, 1994, Table
1). The research by Miller and colleagues points to yet
another potential shortcoming in the bipolar conceptu-
alization of attitudes. The transfer functions for truly
bipolar constructs, such as for hot and cold, are essen-
tially identical in form.3 For instance, the rate at which
an element cools is essentially the same rate at which
heat dissipates. Hot and cold are endpoints on a bipolar
continuum, and the transfer functions for these end-
points are equal and reciprocal. In contrast, the transfer
functions of positivity and negativity appear to differ in
several noteworthy respects.


A transfer function is the form of the output of a system given
linear input across the dynamic range of the system.


Positivity Offset


Research on approach-withdrawal conflict provided
early evidence for what we have termed a positivity
offset.4 As is illustrated in Figure 2, the positivity offset
is the tendency for there to be a weak positive (ap-
proach) motivational output at zero input (i.e., intercept
difference). As a consequence of the positivity offset,
the motivation to approach is stronger than the motiva-
tion to avoid at distances far from the goal (i.e., at low
levels of evaluative activation).


What might be the possible evolutionary signifi-
cance of the positivity offset? Without a positivity
offset, an organism in a neutral environment may be
unmotivated to approach novel objects, stimuli, or con-
texts. This is especially true given the neophobia of
most species. Neophobia likely evolved in many spe-
cies because it helps protect organisms against potential
predators. In terms of the evaluative space model, for-
eign stimuli are conceived as activating negativity
much as might an aversive unconditioned stimulus.
That is, in terms of Equation 1, these stimuli increase
Ng(j). Unlike most aversive unconditioned stimuli,
however, the fear of a foreign or novel stimulus is
conceived as habituating quickly in the absence of
negative outcomes. Such organisms would learn little
about novel or neutral-appearing environments and
their potential reward (e.g., nutrient) value.


With a positivity offset, however, an organism fac-
ing neutral or unfamiliar (i.e., nonvalenced) stimuli
would be weakly motivated to approach and-with the
quick habituation of the intial fear response (i.e., the
diminution of the evoked negativity by foreign stimuli
or startling events)-to engage in exploratory behavior.
Such a pairing of tendencies may have important sur-
vival value, at least at the level of a species. The
neophobic response to foreign stimuli permits an initial
period of observation. With no negative outcomes, this
exposure allows the initial neophobic response to ha-
bituate, thereby allowing exploratory behavior to mani-
fest. Thus, the positivity offset reflects a difference in
the transfer functions for positivity and negativity that
would not be expected if positivity and negativity were
simply the opposite ends of a single bipolar continuum.


In this article, differences in offset in the transfer functions for
positivity and negativity refers to differences in intercept (i.e., output
at zero input or activation), whereas differences in bias in the transfer
functions refers to differences in slope (i.e., increase in output per
quantum of input or unit of activation). The term positivity offset is
preferred to positivity bias because it refers to the positive motiva-
tional output at zero input and it avoids the confusion that would
ensue if positivity bias (rather than offset) referred to differences in
the intercept, and negativity bias referred to differences in the slope
of the transfer functions for positivity and negativity.


The positivity offset may also bear on Zajonc's
(1968) mere exposure effect, that is, the tendency for
unfamiliar neutral stimuli to become liked as a function
of repeated (i.e., unreinforced) exposure per se. One
explanation for the mere exposure effect has been that
repeated exposure lessens the response competition
elicited by the unfamiliar stimulus. Yet this diminution
of response competition invariably produces increased
liking. The positivity offset is consistent with this reso-
lution tending to end in increased liking rather than
increased liking in some instances and increased dislik-
ing in others. In addition, a socially useful consequence
of the positivity offset is that cohesion (i.e., positive
attitudes) may be fostered among conspecifics who are
simply exposed repeatedly to one another (Moreland &
Zajonc, 1977; Swap, 1977).


Negativity Bias


The slope for the avoidance gradient was found to
be steeper than the slope for the approach gradient in
Miller's research on conflict behavior (see Figure 2).
This difference illustrates a second difference in the
transfer functions of positivity and negativity, the ne-
gativity bias: With each unit of activation, the change
in negative motivational output is larger than the change
in positive motivational output. Thus, the positivity
offset can be conceived as relative activation of positiv-
ity even in the absence of any hedonic input, and the
negativity bias refers to the finding that the increase in
motivational output per quantum of activation tends to
be greater for negativity than positivity.


Exploratory behavior can provide useful informa-
tion about an organism's environment, but it can also
place the organism in the proximity of hostile stimuli.
Because it is more difficult to reverse the consequences
of an injurious or fatal assault than an opportunity
unpursued, the process of natural selection may have
resulted in distinguishable motivational organizations
for positivity and negativity with the propensity to react
more strongly to negative than positive stimuli. The
negativity bias-which underlies a stronger respon-
siveness to proximate negative than proximate positive
or neutral events may therefore be a complementary,
adaptive motivational organization. Species with both
a positivity offset and a negativity bias enjoy the bene-
fits of exploratory behavior as well as the self-preserv-
ative benefits of a predisposition to avoid or withdraw
from threatening events.


Although we have focused here on general differences in the
operation of positivity and negativity, the model also allows for
individual differences in parameters such as the strength of the
positivity offset and negativity bias.


The positivity offset and negativity bias have been
well documented in the person perception literature
(e.g., Peeters, 1971; Peeters & Czapinksi, 1990; Skow-
ronski & Carlston, 1989). In addition, Taylor (1991)
summarized a wide range of evidence showing that
negative events in a context evoke stronger and more
rapid physiological, cognitive, emotional, and social
responses than neutral or positive events. Thus, there is
considerable evidence for the differential transfer func-
tions for the activation of positivity and negativity. In
the next section, we incorporate these distinctions into
the bivariate model of evaluative space.


Computational Model of Evaluative Space


Miller's (1959, 1961) theory concerns behavioral
conflict originating from complex learning histories
that included both positive and negative events (i.e.,
coactivation). Not surprisingly, therefore, it can be sub-
sumed within the present conceptualization with the
following revisions to the computational formula by
which loci in evaluative space are mapped into loci on
the attitudinal surface:


Attitude = Pf(i) + c - Ng(j) + I(ij) + e (1)


where P and N are weighting coefficients; i represents
the level of positivity activated by an attitude object;
fti) = ik (where k < 1) and is the activation function for
positivity; c is a constant (equivalent to approximately
15% of the scale range for positivity) that contributes
to a higher intercept for positivity than negativity (i.e.,
positivity offset); j represents the level of negativity
activated by an attitude object; g(j) =m (where m < 1)
and is the activation function for negativity; I(ij) repre-
sents nonadditive effects; and e represents an error term.
Equation I is a first approximation, but inclusion of the
interaction term indicates the assumption that the rela-
tionship between positive and negative evaluative proc-
esses is configural rather than strictly additive. For
instance, as i and j increase (i.e., positivity and negativ-
ity are coactivated), pressures toward motivational
disambiguity are assumed to generally work against yet
additional coactivation. The negativity bias can be in-
stantiated in one of two ways in Equation 1: (a) The
weighting of negativity may be greater than the weight-
ing of positivity (i.e., P < N) when forming an attitudinal
judgment, or (b) the activation function for negativity
itself may be steeper than the activation function for
positivity (i.e., k < m).


The attitudinal surface depicted in Figure 5 was
generated using the equation .4(i)5 + 1 + .6(j)5. The
inset superimposes the attitudinal consequences of the
activation of positivity and negativity as a function of
movements along the coactivity diagonal. Note that the
predictions depicted in this inset mirror those for ap-
proach-avoidance conflict in Miller's (1959) theory of
conflict.


Figure 5. The bivariate evaluative plane and its associated attitudinal surface. The surface represents the attitudinal disposition of an
individual toward (+) or away from (-) the target stimulus. The attitude is expressed in relative units. The point on the surface overlying
the left axis intersection represents the maximally positive attitude evoked by the target stimulus, and the point on the surface overlying
the right axis intersection represents the maximally negative attitude toward the target stimulus. The inset superimposes the strength of
the activation of positive and negative valent forces as a function of movements along the coactivity diagonal. Note that the predictions
depicted in this inset mirror those for approach-avoidance conflict in Miller's (1959) theory of conflict (see Figure 2). Note. From
"Relationship Between Attitudes and Evaluative Space: A Critical Review, With Emphasis on the Separability of Positive and Negative
Substrates," by J. T. Cacioppo and G. G. Berntson, 1994, Psychological Bulletin, 115, p. 415. Copyright © 1994 by the American
Psychological Association. Reprinted with permission.


Heteroscedacity of Antecedents


Tolstoy noted in Anna Karenina that all happy fami-
lies are like one another, each unhappy family is un-
happy in its own way. Tolstoy's observation may not
be limited to families but rather may reveal yet another
fundamental difference in positive and negative evalu-
ative processes: Positive and negative hedonic proc-
esses may also be characterized by a heteroscedacity of
antecedents (i.e., more conjunctions of factors that pro-
duce negativity than positivity) that is not found typi-
cally in truly bipolar concepts such as hot and cold. As
an example, an individual may regard a piece of cloth-
ing negatively or as unfit for sundry reasons; it can be
too long, too short, too narrow, too wide, unequal in
length across the garment, and so on. If all these vari-
ables are in place, the garment fits; if any one or more
of these variables is not appropriate, the garment does
not fit. Thus, to say that a piece of clothing is unfit does
not say much about the reason(s) it does not fit (i.e., the
conjunction of factors responsible for the evaluation).
To say that a piece of clothing fits, however, carries
more information because there are fewer ways in
which this outcome can be achieved (i.e., all dimensions
have to match whereas only one needs to mismatch for
it not to fit).


This does not mean that there are more antecedents
for a specific negative reaction than for a specific posi-
tive reaction. Technological accidents, for instance, are
usually the result of a conjunction of a number of
unfortunate events-employees were not vigilant, tech-
nology failed, fail-safe systems failed, signals were
misread, and so forth . Nevertheless, there may be many
ways in which things can go wrong, but most if not all
have to be proper to be right. There may be no more
configurations of variables that elicit a smile than a
frown or an expression of anger, fear, disgust, or con-
tempt; if this is the case, there still would be more
conjunctions of factors (antecedents) that arouse the
negative than the positive motivational system. More-
over, there may be different action implications for the
different negative outcomes, and these differing action
implications may have fostered the evolution of multi-
ple negative emotional expressions. Thus, it is possible
that the existence of more negative than positive attri-
butions of emotion to facial expressions is reflective of,
if not derived from, this heteroscedacity and the asso-
ciated differences in action implications (Ekman, 1972,
1994; Izard, 1994; Russell, 1994, 1995).


We thank David Messick for the point about technological acci-
dents.


Asymmetries of Ambivalence


There are other reasons-related to the differences
in the transfer functions of positivity and negativity-to
conceptualize the processes underlying attitudes in
terms of a bivariate evaluative space rather than in the
traditional terms of a positive-negative bipolar contin-
uum. For instance, despite the strong currents in the
history of attitude theory and research that kept bipolar
conceptualizations and measures in the mainstream,
attitude neutrality, indifference, and ambivalence have
long constituted troublesome eddies (e.g., A. I. Ed-
wards, 1946; Kaplan, 1972; Scott, 1966).


In his review of attitude measurement and ambiva-
lence, Scott (1968) presaged the present model of evalu-
ative space:


The "directional" property raises, but does not auto-
matically answer, the question as to how neutral atti-
tudes are to be conceived. Are they midway between
positive and negative attitudes? Should they be subdi-
vided into indifferent and ambivalent attitudes? The
conception of favorable and unfavorable as "oppo-
sites" implies that persons will not be found with
attitudes simultaneously at both ends of the dimension.
Yet an alternative formulation might treat degree of
favorableness and degree of unfavorableness as con-
ceptually distinct (although no doubt empirically cor-
related) components, on which persons may make,
simultaneously, a variety of position combinations. In
other words, it is only by convention that the direction
of an attitude is conceptualized as a single bipolar
attribute. (p. 206)


Various conceptualizations and measures of attitude
ambivalence have been proposed since Scott's (1968)
observations (e.g., see Kaplan, 1972; Thompson,
Zanna. & Griffin, 1995), but all predict that attitude
ambivalence (a) increases as the distance from the
origin (zero evaluative activation) increases along the
coactivity diagonal and (b) is symmetrically distributed
about the coactivity diagonal. These similarities have
made it difficult to distinguish empirically between the
existing conceptualizations of attitude ambivalence.
Although the evaluative space model shares the first
feature with extant formulations of attitude ambiva-
lence, the positivity offset and negativity bias lead to
specific and unique predictions about asymmetries in
attitude ambivalence.


One source of asymmetry stems from the constant,
c, in Equation 1 (see Figure 6, left matrix). By virtue of
this constant (i.e., the positivity offset), attitude ambiva-
lence should be higher when only negativity is aroused
than when only positivity is aroused by an attitude
stimulus. When an attitude stimulus elicits only posi-
tivity, there is no negativity output and, therefore, no
coactivation of affective outputs to arouse ambivalence.
When an attitude stimulus elicits only negativity, how-
ever, there is still a weak level of positive output (by
virtue of the positivity offset) and, consequently, atti-
tude ambivalence can be aroused. Thus, attitude am-
bivalence should be more closely associated with the
activation of negativity than positivity.


A second reason that attitude ambivalence is pre-
dicted to be asymmetrical about the coactivity diagonal
is the differential weighting of positivity and negativity
(i.e., the negativity bias; see Figure 6, right matrix).
Ambivalence is predicted to increase as the distance
from the origin (zero evaluative activation) increases
along the coactivity diagonal. Because the increase in
motivational output per unit of activation is predicted
to be greater for negativity than positivity, however,
ambivalence is greater on the negativity than positivity
side of the coactivity diagonal. Thus, although the
reason for the asymmetry is different, the nature of the
asymmetry is similar: Attitude ambivalence should
again be more closely associated with the activation of
negativity than positivity. As discussed in the next
section, our data on attitude ambivalence are consistent
with this reasoning (see also Messick & Sentis, 1985).


Figure 6. Subspaces within evaluative space highlighting the
predicted asymmetries in ambivalence. Left panel: The positivity
offset produces greater ambivalence when negativity alone is
aroused than when positivity alone is aroused. Right panel: The
negativity bias displaces feelings of maximal ambivalence during
coactivation toward the negativity axis.


Bivariate Evaluations and Ambivalence
Measures (BEAMs)


We have investigated whether the transfer functions
for positivity and negativity were the same or different
in both traditional social psychological studies and in
research using event-related brain potentials; we will
discuss only tradition social psychological studies here.
To investigate the model of evaluative space in tradi-
tional social psychological studies, we developed a set
of unipolar self-report scales for measuring positivity,
negativity, and ambivalence. We describe BEAMs in
this section. In the next section, we review repre-
sentative studies of the bivariate model using the
BEAMs.


As noted, we initially used the PANAS to measure
the strength of positivity and negativity. The PANAS,
however, was designed to measure moods rather than
the kind of rapid positive and negative valuation proc-
esses activated by attitude stimuli. In addition, the items
on the Positivity and Negativity subscales of the
PANAS are very different, varying in semantics and
arousal as well as valence. Finally, the items on the
PANAS may not be applicable to, or may underestimate
the extremity of, attitudes that lack a strong emotional
basis. Therefore, we developed the BEAMs for use in
our studies of attitudes and evaluative space (Cacioppo,
Crites, Snydersmith, & Gardner, 1996).


To identify potential items for our unipolar scales of
Positivity and Negativity, we examined the items used
in a number of extant scales (e.g., Osgood, Suci, &
Tannenbaum, 1957; Russell, 1980; Watson et al.,
1988). From these scales we selected a subset of posi-
tive and negative items that were equally applicable to
any attitude object or event. Additional items were then
identified by using a thesaurus to generate synonyms
and antonyms of these initial items. Sixteen antonym
pairs (e.g., good-bad, positive-negative) were selected
for inclusion in the Positivity and Negativity unipolar
scales, respectively. Two forms (A & B) of the Positiv-
ity and Negativity scales were created from these 16
antonym pairs to minimize the possibility that partici-
pants would treat these unipolar scales as bipolar scales
(Table 2). Which positive items appeared on which
form was determined randomly. To minimize carry-
over, the antonyms for the items used in the Positivity
scale on Form A were used in the Negativity scale on
Form B, and the antonyms for the items used in the
Positivity scale on Form B were used in the Negativity
scale on Form A (see Table 2).


Table 2. Bivariate Evaluations and Ambivalence Measures
(BEAMs)


Half of the participants completed Form A of the
Positivity and Negativity scales and half completed
Form B. Thus, although all participants rated attitude
objects on equivalent scales, no participant rated an
attitude object using an antonym pair. To further mini-
mize carryover (see Thompson et al., 1995), partici-
pants completed all of the positivity (or negativity)
ratings before they completed the negativity (or posi-
tivity) ratings, and administration of these scales was
usually separated by a filler task. Participants indicated
the extent to which each scale item reflected their
reaction to each attitude object on a scale ranging from
1 (very slightly or not at all) to 5 (extremely). Not
surprisingly, given the manner in which these scales
were formulated, we have found Forms A and B to be
statistically equivalent.


Items for a unipolar ambivalence scale were also
generated. This resulted in six items that appeared to
index inconsistent or contradictory information and
would thus be descriptive of attitudes that included both
positive and negative evaluative reactions (muddled,
divided, tense, contradictory, jumbled, and conflicted),
and three items-which were reverse scored-that ap-
peared to index consistent information and would thus
be descriptive of attitudes that consisted of evaluatively
congruous information (consistent, uniform, and har-
monious). As with the Positivity and Negativity scales,
participants indicated the extent to which each item re-
flected their reaction to the attitude object on a scale
ranging from 1 (very slightly ornotat ale) to 5 (extremely).


In the initial studies, participants were given positive
and/or negative information about hypothetical room-
mates, coworkers, or jobs and used the BEAMs to rate
their feelings toward these attitude objects. Factor
analyses consistently yielded a three-factor solution,
with negativity typically accounting for the most vari-
ance, followed by positivity, then ambivalence. Fur-
thermore, the eight positive items used in Forms A and
B were found to load highly on the same factor and did
not load substantially on the other two factors; and the
eight negative items used in Forms A and B were found
to load highly on the same factor, albeit a different
factor than the positive items, and did not load substan-
tially on the other two factors. Six of the nine ambiva-
lence items were also characterized by good convergent
and discriminant validity, but three ambivalence items
(i.e., uniform, consistent, and harmonious) did not load
highly on any factor. These three items, therefore, were
dropped from the ambivalence scale. The finding that
the resulting ambivalence scale was comprised of items
that have a negative valence may reflect the strong
tendency for ambivalence to be associated with conflict
and tension-that is, dysphoric states. Furthermore,
participants have shown little difficulty in grasping
instructions on how to use the scales in Table 2, but we
have found that extended instructions may be required
for participants to understand what is being asked by
the ambivalence items.


In a follow-up study, 107 male and female under-
graduates used the BEAMs to rate their feelings about
condoms. A factor analysis again suggested the exist-
ence of three internally consistent factors (e.g., see the
scree plot in Figure 7). Forms A and B for measuring
positivity and negativity were again found to be equiva-
lent, so correlations among the total scale scores were
calculated collapsing across forms. Results revealed a
small negative correlation between the positivity and
negativity aroused by condoms (r = -.29, p < .05) and
a stronger correlation between negativity and ambiva-
lence (r = +.43, p < .05) than between positivity and
ambivalence (r = -.08). Together, these studies demon-
strated that the BEAMs provided internally consistent
and discriminable measures of the positive, negative,
and ambivalent feelings aroused by hypothetical and
real attitude stimuli.


Figure 7. Scree plots from factor analyses of people's ratings of
condoms using the BEAMs. A three-factor solution was obtained,
with negativity items loading on the first factor, positivity items
loading on the second factor, and ambivalence items loading on
the third factor.


Further Tests of the Separability of
Positivity and Negativity:
The Positivity Offset and Negativity
Bias in Attitude Formation


In the bipolar conceptualization, the positive and
negative valuation processes underlying attitudes are
treated as if reciprocally activated and interchange-
able. The endorsement of positive beliefs about an
attitude object is treated as equivalent to the rejection
of negative beliefs about the object. Accordingly, the
evaluative processes elicited by an object are thought
to range along a single continuum-from maximally
positive (and minimally negative) to maximally
negative (and minimally positive)-with no distinc-
tions made in the form of the activation functions for
positivity and negativity. If attitudes are conceptual-
ized as being bipolar-as being analogous to the
position of a balance knob on an audio stereo, with
very negative and very positive substituted for left
speaker and right speaker-then the transfer func-
tions for positivity and negativity should be equiva-
lent.


As outlined in this article, however, the model of
evaluative space holds that the transfer functions for the
positive and negative evaluative processes underlying
attitudes tend to differ in specific ways (e.g., positivity
offset, negativity bias). To test this reasoning, we con-
ducted a series of studies on attitude formation (Gard-
ner, 1996). In an initial study, 80 undergraduate stu-
dents served as participants in an experiment on
impression formation. Participants read six neutral be-
haviors (e.g., "Sam weighed the vegetables before buy-
ing them") that were attributed to Sam and rated the
extent to which each of the 9 positivity, 9 negativity,
and 6 ambivalence items from the BEAMs reflected
their evaluations of this person.


The results of these ratings, which are depicted in
Figure 8, indicated that the neutral information about
Sam aroused stronger feelings of positivity than nega-
tivity or ambivalence. It is interesting that when another
group of participants rated Sam before receiving any
information about him, the positivity aroused by Sam
was lower than when participants received the neutral
and generally nondescript behavioral information.
Thus, the results in Figure 8 are consistent with the
operation of a positivity bias in evaluative activation
rather than a response bias per se. Correlational analy-
ses further confirmed that positivity and negativity were
uncorrelated.


Figure 8. Mean ratings using the BEAMs of a hypothetical
person, Sam, after exposure to neutral behavioral descriptions.


Participants in this study next read six additional
behaviors attributed to Sam. Twenty participants read
six additional neutral behaviors; 20 participants read six
positive behaviors (e.g., "Sam gave vegetables from his
garden to all of his neighbors"); 20 participants read six
negative behaviors (e.g., "Sam stole vegetables from his
neighbor's garden"); and 20 participants read six mixed
behaviors (i.e., three positive and three negative, ran-
domly ordered). The positive and negative behavioral
descriptors that served as stimuli were matched in terms
of extremity. Immediately afterwards, all participants
completed the BEAMs to assess their evaluations of
Sam.


The results of this second set of ratings, expressed
as attitude change scores, are summarized in Figure 9.
Several features of these results are noteworthy here.
First, and as would be expected, participants who re-
ceived yet additional neutral information about Sam
showed only small additional attitude changes. Second,
participants who read positive behavioral descriptions
of Sam began to feel more positively about Sam, and
participants who read negative behavioral descriptions
began to feel more negatively about Sam. As inspection
of Figure 9 further reveals, however, the negative infor-
mation had a much stronger impact on the ratings of
Sam than did the positive information even though the
individual positive and negative behavioral descriptors
were matched on extremity. This result is, of course,
consistent with the operation of a negativity bias. Fi-
nally, increases in negativity were associated with a
corresponding reduction in positivity, suggesting some
level of reciprocal activation in this impression forma-
tion task.


Results also suggested that there was an asymmetry
in the effect of positive and negative information about
Sam on ambivalence ratings. As predicted by the posi-
tivity offset, participants felt most ambivalent about
Sam when the neutral information was followed by
negative or mixed information and felt least ambivalent
about Sam when the neutral information was followed
by positive information.


One possible limitation for the evidence consistent
with the proposed positivity offset is that participants
were using neutral behavioral descriptors to rule out
Sam's being a blatantly hideous individual. If Sam
weighs vegetables before buying them, one might rea-
son, he probably is not pathological and may even be
conscientious and alert. To examine this issue, a repli-
cation and extension was conducted in which one group
of participants read six neutral and nondiagnostic be-
haviors about Sam-that is, behaviors that all human
beings perform (e.g., "Sam breathes oxygen"). Learn-
ing that Sam breathes oxygen or is subject to the laws
of gravity provides no information that could be used
to rule out the possibility that Sam is a blatantly hideous
individual.


Figure 9. Mean ratings using the BEAMs of a hypothetical person, Sam, after exposure to six additional behavioral descriptors. Change
in positivity, negativity, and ambivalence by type of information.


Ninety-five undergraduates served as participants in
an experiment purportedly on artificial intelligence
(Gardner, 1996). Participants were informed that the
computer was programmed to simulate social intelli-
gence and that their impressions, based on information
about Sam accessed by the computer from its database,
would serve as feedback to the computer. As in the prior
studies, participants completed the BEAMs to assess
their evaluations of Sam at two points in time. One
group of participants began by reading the same six
neutral behaviors as in our prior studies, whereas the
remaining participants read six neutral and nondiagnos-
tic behaviors about Sam-that is, behaviors that all
human beings perform. Participants then rated Sam on
the BEAMs.


As can be seen in Figures 10 and 11, the participants'
ratings of Sam were similar for both types of neutral
information: Participants were just as likely to show
evidence of the positivity offset if they were exposed to
completely nondiagnostic, neutral behavioral descrip-
tions of Sam as when exposed to normal, neutral behav-
ioral descriptions. Thus, the positivity offset does not
appear to be the result of the diagnostic value of the
neutral but normal behavioral descriptions. Correla-
tional analyses again showed that the positive and nega-
tive evaluations of Sam were uncorrelated.


Participants were then exposed to either six addi-
tional normal neutral behaviors, six additional nondi-
agnostic neutral behaviors, six positive behaviors, six
negative behaviors, or six mixed behaviors. Participants
then completed the BEAMs to assess their evaluations
of Sam (Gardner, 1996). The results are summarized in
Figure 12. Not only were the results statistically equiva-
lent for the normal and nondiagnostic neutral behav-
ioral descriptions, but all of the major findings of the
preceding study were replicated.


Figure 10. Mean ratings using the BEAMs of Sam after exposure
to normal (standard) neutral behavioral descriptions.


Figure 11. Mean ratings using the BEAMs of Sam after exposure
to nondiagnostic neutral behavioral descriptions.
Figure 12. Mean ratings using the BEAMs of Sam after exposure to six additional behavioral descriptions. Change in positivity,
negativity, and ambivalence by type of information.


We next examined whether the results predicted by
the positivity offset and the negativity bias were attrib-
utable to the fact that participants were judging another
individual (Gardner, 1996). Forty-eight undergraduate
students served as participants in a conceptual replica-
tion of the prior studies; however, the target of their
impressions was the fictional aguaphore fish. As in the
prior studies, participants completed the BEAMs to
assess their feelings toward the fish at two points in
time. All participants were first exposed to six neutral
behaviors describing the fish (e.g., "The aguaphore
rests at regular intervals"). After completing the
BEAMs, participants were exposed to an additional six
neutral, six positive (e.g., "The aguaphore will often
protect its mate and offspring"), six negative (e.g., "The
aguaphore is useless commercially"), or six mixed be-
havioral descriptions of the fish and completed the
BEAMs.


Figure 13. Mean ratings using the BEAMs of a hypothetical type
of fish, the aguaphore, after exposure to standard neutral behav-
ioral descriptions.


The evidence for the positivity offset was as clear for
the hypothetical aguaphore fish as for Sam (see Figure
13), suggesting that the effect is not limited to judg-
ments of people. Furthermore, correlational analyses
again indicated that the positivity and negativity ratings
were unrelated. The consistency of this result across
cover stories, neutral descriptors, and attitude objects is
notable. Indeed, we have observed the same effect for
an attitude stimulus about which participants felt nega-
tively initially-the imaginary six-legged entophore
insect!


The changes in evaluations of and ambivalence to-
ward the aguaphore fish also mirrored those observed
in our studies of Sam (Gardner, 1996). As evident in
Figure 14, participants who received yet additional
neutral information about the aguaphore fish showed
small additional attitude changes. Participants who re-
ceived positive information about the aguaphore fish
began to feel more positively, and participants who read
negative behavioral descriptions began to feel more
negatively and less positively about the aguaphore fish.
More important, and as in the prior studies, the negative
information had a much stronger impact on the ratings
ofthe attitude stimulus than did the positive information
even though the individual positive and negative behav-
ioral descriptors were again matched on extremity.
Indeed, the negative descriptors again had a stronger
impact on all three rating dimensions (positivity, nega-
tivity, and ambivalence) than any other set of descrip-
tors, and the increase in negativity was associated with
a corresponding reduction of positivity (again suggest-
ing some level of reciprocal evaluative activation in this
impression formation task). Finally, the results were
again consistent with an asymmetry in the effect of
positive and negative information on ambivalence rat-
ings. Participants felt most ambivalent about the
aguaphore fish when the neutral information was fol-
lowed by negative information and least ambivalent
when the neutral information was followed by neutral
or positive information.


Figure 14. Mean ratings using the BEAMs of a hypothetical type of fish, the aguaphore, after exposure to six additional behavioral
descriptors. Change in positivity, negativity, ambivalence.


In sum, these studies yielded evidence that the posi-
tive and negative evaluative processes underlying many
attitudes are (a) distinguishable (stochastically and
functionally independent), (b) characterized by distinct
activation functions (positivity offset and negativity
bias principles), and (c) related differentially to attitude
ambivalence (corollary of ambivalence asymmetries).
In the following section, we explore briefly some of the
implications of these findings for political campaigns
and voter behavior.


Positive and Negative Political
Advertising: Equivalent and
Interchangeable?


The notion of evaluative space originated in part
from neuroscience research (Berntson, Cacioppo, &
Quigley, 1991; Cacioppo & Berntson, 1992, 1994).
Given this origin, it is interesting to speculate on the
possible implications of the model for molar phenom-
ena that have been of interest to social scientists. Con-
sider recent voter behavior, in which the Republicans
were voted out of the White House in 1992, the Demo-
crats were voted out of the majority of Congress in
1994, and voters in 1994 were strikingly dour about the
politicians they had just elected. Can the model of
evaluative space explain any of these effects?


Campaign ads on television have revolutionized na-
tional elections. One of the pioneers of campaign ads
on television was Democratic Senator William Benton
of Connecticut (who was also the cofounder of a major
ad agency). His 1950 television ads were characterized
by action shots, patriotic music, spousal testimonials
("My husband has worked hard"), election promises ("I
shall continue to fight for ... tax relief for small busi-
nesses"), and platitudes ("He's in there pitching for
you"). What also characterized these ads (and the cam-
paign ads that followed for decades) was their focus on
the positive features of the candidate-what good the
candidate could do if elected rather than what harm the
candidate's opponent would do if elected. In the past
decade, attack ads have become a staple.


The separability of positivity and negativity and the
relative weight of negativity predicted by the evaluative
space model may help explain the evolution of negative
campaign ads as well as voter reactions following elec-
tions. Consider the predicted payoff matrix in an elec-
tion featuring two major candidates. If both candidates
use positive advertising, the voters are exposed to the
strengths and offerings of each candidate and, thus, are
exposed to a choice between two positive alternatives.
Although only one candidate can win, the electorate can
be expected to feel relatively good-about their
choices, the elected candidate, and the system of repre-
sentative government-as both candidates are associ-
ated with approach motivational forces.


Extrapolating from our model, positive and negative
campaign ads may not be equivalent and interchange-
able in impact. Just as negative behavioral descriptions
were found to have a stronger impact on participants'
attitudes than equally extreme positive behavioral de-
scriptions (Gardner, 1996), attack campaign ads may
have a stronger effect on electoral evaluations and
behavior than positive campaign ads, assuming all else
is constant. Although speculative at this juncture, a
candidate using negative campaign ads may have an
advantage over an opponent using positive campaign
ads. If this assumption holds true, it should not take long
for political parties to learn that attack ads confer an
advantage to their candidates and therefore adopt attack
ads in close races. Thus, elections in which both major
political parties use negative campaign ads might
evolve fairly quickly once one begins using them.


The choices and perceptions of representative gov-
ernment, as well as the underlying motivations aroused
in voters, are quite different when candidates feature
negative advertising. Rather than voters learning
strengths and offerings of each candidate, they learn of
each candidate's failings, dishonesty, treachery, and
infidelity. The voters, who must elect someone, are
faced with a choice between two (or more) increasingly
unattractive alternatives as they are bombarded by
negative ads. Consequently, the electorate may feel
disillusioned by their choices, the candidate they elect,
and their system of representative government. The
irony is that once negative campaign ads become a
staple of the candidates' campaigns, the attack ads no
longer provide a unique advantage to either candidate
but only diminish the esteem, value, and effectiveness
of the position to which the candidates aspire. It may
not be so enigmatic, therefore, that the electorate has
reacted as they have since the wide-scale introduction
of attack ads (see also Marcus & Mackuen, 1993).


Conclusion


If the bivalent processes underlying some attitudes
are not captured fully by bipolarity, the bivariate frame-
work provides a better heuristic for representing these
processes and for guiding research on their unique
antecedents and consequences. The evaluative space
model subsumes the bipolar model and captures any
bivariate deviation from the more limited bipolar per-
spective. In light of the potential generative utility of a
bivariate conceptualization of positive and negative
evaluative processes, why might the notion of bipolar-
ity have proven so durable? One reason is that the
bipolar attitude scale has shaped data and theory in
fundamental ways. Yet differences in the activation
functions for positive and negative evaluative processes
and in the modes of evaluative activation are difficult
to detect using bipolar scales (J. D. Edwards & Ostrom,
1971). A second possible reason is that psychological
and physiological processes in some conditions tend to
constrain the full and enduring expression of the bivari-
ate plane because they are incompatible or unstable.
Examples include psychological states such as conflict,
ambivalence, and inconsistency among beliefs about an
attitude object-psychological states that tend to be
unexpected, nonharmonious, and unstable (see Abelson
et al., 1968; Festinger, 1957; Heider, 1946; Petty &
Cacioppo, 1981).


In a classic experiment, Brehm (1956) demonstrated
that choosing between two similarly attractive alterna-
tives resulted in individuals exaggerating the positive
features and discounting the negative features of the
chosen alternative, while discounting the positive fea-
tures and exaggerating the negative features of the
unchosen alternative. In Brehm's study, the coactiva-
tion of positive and negative evaluative processes was
evident but transient, and the participants' subsequent
representations of the attitude stimuli were organized
more along the lines of bipolarity than orthogonality.7
Thompson et al. (1995) have further demonstrated that
ratings of positive and negative reactions to an attitude
stimulus are more negatively correlated (i.e., organized
in a bipolar fashion) when relevant questions are close
together rather than separated within a questionnaire,
presumably because placing the questions close to-
gether makes salient the behaviorally antagonistic mo-
tivational states that can be aroused by the stimulus and
sets into motion motivational disambiguation (e.g., dis-
sonance reduction). People's conceptual organization
of affective states thus may tend toward a bipolar end-
point because of the operation of motives to maintain a
simple and motivationally consistent representation of
the world (principle of motivational certainty). Con-
temporary theory and research on cognitive dissonance
emphasizes the importance of self-perception, self-con-
sistency, and self-affirmation processes. Although con-
temporary research has demonstrated the importance of
the self in cognitive dissonance, it remains the case that
behaviorally ambiguous (e.g., coactivated positive and
negative) motivational states may also be a determinant
of cognitive dissonance (e.g., see Harmon-Jones,
Brehm, Greenberg, Simon, & Nelson, 1996). As Har-
mon-Jones et al. (1996) suggested, the distal motivation
to reduce cognitive dissonance may stem, at least in
part, from the desire for predictability, direction, and
stability. Psychologically speaking, the world is a sim-
pler place when viewed in terms of dichotomies or
bipolarities. This psychological endpoint is neither uni-
versal nor unambiguous regarding the hedonic proc-
esses that produced it, however.


It is these consequent conceptual organizations of affective and
mood states that have been the focus of most of the research and
debate to date (e.g., D. P. Green et al., 1993; Larson & Diener, 1992.)


Attitude ambivalence and cognitive consistency mo-
tives are familiar concepts to personality and social
psychologists. The notions of the separability of posi-
tive and negative affective processes, the positivity
offset, and the negativity bias can also be found in the
extant literature. What, then, is different about the pre-
sent formulation? First, these concepts are not treated
as isolated empirical effects but rather are recognized
as integral parts of a general evolutionary model of
motivation and affect. Second, positive and negative
motivational processes are not simply conceptualized
as being distinguishable and negatively accelerating
activation (i.e., marginal utility) functions are posited
for each. Third, the prior literature has often cast the
issue as whether positivity and negativity are bipolar or
bivariate. In the evaluative space model, the more rele-
vant question is under what conditions are positivity
and negativity organized in a bipolar versus bivariate
fashion. Fourth, we distinguish between (a) the early
(primitive) motivational processes that differentiate be-
tween and marshall resources for dealing with hostile
and hospitable stimuli, and (b) the conceptual organi-
zation of positive and negative beliefs and feelings
about the stimuli. Furthermore, we suggest that the adap-
tive behavioral utility and, thus, the tendency toward
bipolar organizations is greater for the latter than the
former. Fifth, and relatedly, we posit the concept of modes
of evaluative activation, which accommodates all possible
combinations of positive and negative evaluative activa-
tion:


1. The reciprocal mode of evaluative activation is
represented as one diagonal vector that ranges
from maximal positivity-minimal negativity to
maximal negativity-minimal positivity.


2. The nonreciprocal mode of evaluative activa-
tion is represented as the alternate diagonal that
ranges from minimal positivity and negativity
to maximal positivity and negativity.


3. The uncoupled modes of evaluative activation
are represented as vectors lying along the axes.


Future research is needed to determine what conditions
trigger these various modes of evaluative activation.


Sixth, the present conceptualization not only speci-
fies that the behavioral effects of positivity and nega-
tivity are antagonistic, but posits a specific quantitative
model and topographical representation for their ef-
fects. Seventh, the proposed model provides a quanti-
tative heuristic for investigating individual differences
in motivational orientation. Specifically, the parame-
ters in the quantitative model specified in Equation 1
are estimates of central tendency. These values are
expected to differ across individuals as a function of
genetic and environmental factors.


In addition to these conceptual distinctions, several
methodological issues are highlighted by the model.
First, scientific instruments are shaped by a developer's
implicit theory of the phenomena to be investigated, and
once developed these scientific instruments shape data
and theory in ways more fundamental than are often
appreciated. Bipolar scales of hedonic processes and
outcomes may be an important case in point. As out-
lined in this article, bipolar scales provide sensitive
indices of reciprocal changes in positivity and negativ-
ity but are relatively insensitve to nonreciprocal
changes (i.e., regions of indeterminism). Second, the
notion that people find coactivated affective states (e.g.,
ambivalence) unpleasant, unexpected, and disharmoni-
ous and tend to avoid remaining in these states suggests
that simply administering self-report unipolar scales
may be insufficient to gauge accurately the initial levels
of positivity and negativity that were activated by a
stimulus (Thompson et al., 1995). If the unipolar scales
are administered in close proximity to one another, for
instance, one may garner more information on a psy-
chological endpoint than the hedonic processes that
produced this endpoint.


Finally, experimental conditions are sometimes es-
tablished that allow one to contrast the effects of posi-
tive and negative states. For instance PET images of
functional activation are generally based on paired im-
age subtraction (Raichle, 1994). Two tasks (a control
and a stimulated task) are developed that, theoretically,
differ only in terms of the cognitive operation(s) of
interest. The resulting images derived from the control
task are subtracted from those obtained during the
stimulated task to obtain an image that presumably
reflects differences in activation between the two tasks.
The resulting difference image is interpreted as reveal-
ing those areas of the brain concerned with the cognitive
operation(s) unique to the stimulated task state (Fox,
Mintun, Reiman, & Raichle, 1988). The general limi-
tations of, caveats to, and benefits of the subtractive
method in the analysis of physiological data have been
discussed elsewhere (e.g., Cacioppo & Petty, 1986;
Mintun, Fox, & Raichle, 1989; Posner, Petersen, Fox,
& Raichle, 1988; Sarter et al., 1996). However, the
subtraction of the images obtained during positive and
negative states presumes these derive from the same
neural substrates. If the activation of positivity versus
negativity reflect the activity of distinguishable sets of
neural substrates, stereogeometric functional brain im-
aging procedures such as PET will be blind to these
distinctions unless each is contrasted with a neutral (i.e.,
no activation of positivity or negativity) state.


In sum, we began this article by noting the seduc-
tiveness of assuming that, because people's common-
sense theories of social processes (e.g., the relationship
between good and bad) can influence their social be-
havior, these intuitive theories also describe the essen-
tials if not the entirety of the underlying psychological
processes. We have suggested that people's intuitions
about social psychological processes such as the bipo-
larity of good and bad may reflect a stable psychological
endpoint but not the psychological means by which this
state is achieved. One of the advantages of the bivariate
evaluative space is that one can map the etiology of this
psychological endpoint. In social psychology, as in
other sciences, it may simply be that self-evident truths
may not always be what they seem, and that common
sense should not be awarded any privilege in theory and
research on the governance of the social world.


References


Abelson, R. P., Aronson, E., McGuire, W. J., Newcomb, T. M.,
Rosenberg, M. J., & Tannenbaum, P. H. (1968). Theories of
cognitive consistency: A sourcebook. Chicago: Rand McNally.
Abelson, R. P., Kinder, D. R., Peters, M. D., & Fiske, S. T. (1982).
Affective and semantic components in political person percep-
tion. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 42,
619-630.


Anderson, N. H. (1965). Primacy effects in personality impression
formation using generalized order effects paradigm. Journal of
Personality and Social Psychology, 2, 1-9.


Bargh, J. A. (1994). The four horseman of automaticity: Varieties of
automatic influence on social perception and cognition. In J. S.
Uleman & J. A. Bargh (Eds.), Unintended thought: Causes and
consequences for judgment, emotion, and behavior. New York:
Guilford.


Berntson, G. G., Boysen, S. T., & Cacioppo, J. T. (1993). Neurobe-
havioral organization and the cardinal principle of evaluative
bivalence. Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences, 702,
75-102.


Berntson, G. G., Cacioppo, J. T., & Quigley, K. S. (1991). Autonomic
determinism: The modes of autonomic control, the doctrine of
autonomic space, and the laws of autonomic constraint. Psycho-
logical Review, 98, 459-487.


Brehm, J. (1956). Post-decision changes in desirability of alterna-
tives. Journal ofAbnormal and Social Psychology, 52, 384-389.
Brewer, M. B. (in press). In-group favoritism: The subtle side of
intergroup discrimination. In D. Messick & A. Tenbrunsel
(Eds.), Behavioral research and business ethics. New York:
Russell Sage Foundation.


Cacioppo, J. T., & Berntson, G. G. (1992). Social psychological
contributions to the decade of the brain: The doctrine of multi-
level analysis. American Psychologist, 47, 1019-1028.


Cacioppo, J. T., & Berntson, G. G. (1994). Relationship between
attitudes and evaluative space: A critical review, with emphasis
on the separability of positive and negative substrates. Psycho-
logical Bulletin, 115, 401-423.


Cacioppo, J. T., Crites, S. L., Jr., Berntson, G. G., & Coles, M. G. H.
(1993). If attitudes affect how stimuli are processed, should not
they affect the event-related brain potential? Psychological Sci-
ence, 4, 108-112.


Cacioppo, J. T., Crites, S. L., Jr., Snydersmith, M. A., & Gardner, W.
L. (1996). Bivariate evaluative and ambivalence measures
(BEAMs). Manuscript in preparation.


Cacioppo, J. T., & Gardner, W. L. (1993). What is underlying medical
donor attitudes and behavior? Health Psychology, 12, 269-271.
Cacioppo, J. T., & Petty, R. E. (1986). Social processes. In M. G. H.
Coles, E. Donchin, & S. Porges (Eds.), Psychophysiology: Sys-
tems, processes, and applications (pp. 646-679). New York:
Guilford.


Cacioppo, J. T., & Tassinary, L. G. (1990). Inferring psychological
significance from physiological signals. American Psycholo-
gist, 45, 16-28.


Crites, S. L., Jr., Cacioppo, J. T., Gardner, W. L., & Berntson, G. G.
(1995). Bioelectrical echoes from evaluative categorization: II.
A late positive brain potential that varies as a function of attitude
registration rather than attitude report. Journal of Personality
and Social Psychology, 68, 997-1013.


Delgado, J. M. R., Roberts, W. W., & Miller, N. E. (1954). Learning
motivated by electrical stimulation of the brain. American Jour-
nal ofPhysiology, 179, 587-593.


Diener, E., & Iran-Nejad, A. (1986). The relationship in experience
between various types of affect. Journal of Personality and
Social Psychology, 50, 1031-1038.


Doob, L. W. (1947). The behavior of attitudes. Psychological Review,


54, 135-156.


Edwards, A. I. (1946). A critique of "neutral" items in attitude scales
constructed by the method of equal appearing intervals. Psycho-
logical Review, 53, 159-169.


Edwards, J. D., & Ostrom, T. M. (1971). Cognitive structure and
neutral attitudes. Journal ofExperimental Social Psychology, 7,
36-47.


Ekman, P. (1972). Universal and cultural differences in facial expres-
sions of emotion. In J. K. Cole (Ed.), Nebraska Symposium on
Motivation, 1971 (pp. 207-283). Lincoln: University of Ne-
braska Press.


Ekman, P. (1994). Strong evidence for universals in facial expres-
sions: A reply to Russell's mistaken critique. Psychological
Bulletin, 115, 286-187.


Festinger, L. (1957). A theory of cognitive dissonance. Stanford, CA:


Fishbein, M., & Raven, B. H. (1962). The AB scales. Human rela-


Stanford University Press.


tions, 15, 35-43.


Fox, P. T., Mintun, M. A., Reiman, E. M., & Raichle, M. E. (1988).
Enhanced detection of focal brain responses using intersubject
averaging and change-distribution analysis of subtracted PET
images. Journal of Cerebral Blood Flow Metabolism, 8,
642-653.


Gardner, W. L. (1996). Biases in impression formation: A demonstra-
tion of a bivariate model of evaluation. Unpublised doctoral
dissertation, Ohio State University, Columbus.


Gardner, W. L., & Cacioppo, J. T. (1995). Multi-gallon blood donors:


Why do they give? Transfusion, 35, 795-798.


Gardner, W. L., & Cacioppo, J. T. (1996). Attitudes toward blood
donation: A demonstration of the bivariate nature of evaluation.
Manuscript under review.


George, M. S., Ketter, T. A., Parekh, P. I., Horwitz, B., Herscovitch,
P., & Post, R. M. (1995). Brain activity during transient sadness
and happiness in healthy women. American Journal ofPsychia-
try, 152, 341-351.


Gilbert, P. (1993). Defence and safety: Their function in social
behaviour and psychopathology. British Journal of Clinical
Psychology, 32, 131-153.


Goldstein, M. D., & Strube, M. J. (1994). Independence revisited:
The relation between positive and negative affect in a naturalis-
tic setting. Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin, 20,
57-64.


Gray, J. A. (1990). Brain systems that mediate both emotion and
cognition. In J. A. Gray (Ed.), Psychobiological aspects of
relationships between emotion and cognition (pp. 239-288).


24


Hillsdale, NJ: Lawrence Erlbaum Associates, Inc.


Gray, J. A. (1991). Neural systems, emotion and personality. In J.
Madden (Ed.), Neurobiology of learning, emotion and affect
(pp. 273-306). New York: Raven.


Green, D. P., Goldman, S. L., & Salovey, P. (1993). Measurement
error masks bipolarity in affect ratings. Journal of Personality
and Social Psychology, 64, 1029-1041.


Green, R. F., & Goldfried, M. R. (1965). On the bipolarity of semantic
space. Psychological Monographs, 79(6, Whole No. 599).
Greenwald, A. G., & Banaji, M. R. (1995). Implicit social cognition:
Attitudes, self-esteem, and stereotypes. Psychological Review,
102, 4-27.


Harmon-Jones, E., Brehm, J. W., Greenberg, J., Simon, L., & Nelson,
D. E. (1996). Evidence that the production of aversive conse-
quences is not necessary to create cognitive dissonance. Journal
of Personality and Social Psychology, 70, 1-12.


Hass, R. G., Katz, I., Rizzo, N., Bailey, J., & Moore, L. (1992). When
racial ambivalence evokes negative affect, using a disguised
measure of mood. Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin,
18, 786-797.


Heider, F. (1946). Attitudes and cognitive organization. Journal of


Psychology, 21, 107-112.


Izard, C. E. (1994). Innate and universal facial expressions: Evidence
from developmental and cross-cultural research. Psychological
Bulletin, 115, 288-299.


Kaplan, K. J. (1972). On the ambivalence-indifference problem in
attitude theory and measurement: A suggested modification of
the semantic differential technique. Psychological Bulletin, 77,
361-372.


Katz, I., & Hass, R. G. (1988). Racial ambivalence and American
value conflict: Correlational and priming studies of dual cogni-
tive structures. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology,
55, 893-905.


Katz, I., Wackenhut, J., & Hass, R. G. (1986). Racial ambivalence,
value duality and behavior. In J. F. Dovidio & S. L. Gaetner
(Eds.), Prejudice, discrimination, and racism (pp. 35-59). New
York: Academic.


Lang, P. J. (1995). The emotion probe. American Psychologist, 50,


372-385.


Lang, P. J., Bradley, M. M., & Cuthbert, B. N. (1990). Emotion,
attention, and the startle reflex. Psychological Review, 97,
377-395.


Larsen, R. J., & Diener, E. (1992). Promises and problems with the
circumplex model of emotion. Review ofPersonality and Social
Psychology, 13, 25-59.


Lazarsfeld, P. F. (1949). The American soldier-An expository


review. Public Opinion Quarterly, 13, 377-404.


LeDoux, J. E. (1995). In search of an emotional system in the brain:
Leaping from fear to emotion and consciousness. In J. S. Gaz-
zaniga (Ed.), The cognitive neurosciences (pp. 1049-1062).
Cambridge, MA: MIT Press.


Lewin, K. (1935). A dynamic theory of personality. New York:


McGraw-Hill.


Marcus, G. E., & Mackuen, M. B. (1993). Anxiety, enthusiasm, and
the vote: The emotional underpinnings of learning and involve-
ment during presidential campaigns. American Political Science
Review, 87, 672-685.


Matthews, K., Wilkinson, L. S., & Robbins, T. W. (1996). Repeated
maternal separation of preweanling rats attenuates behavioral
responses to primary and conditioned incentives in adulthood.
Physiology and Behavior, 59, 99-107.


Messick, D. M., & Sentis, K. P. (1985). Estimating social and
nonsocial utility functions from ordinal data. European Journal
of Social Psychology, 15, 389-399.


Miller, N. E. (1948). Theory and experiment relating psychoanalytic
displacement to stimulus-response generalization. Journal of


 EVALUATIVE SPACE


Abnormal and Social Psychology, 43, 155 178.


Miller, N. E. (1951). Comments on theoretical models illustrated by
the development of a theory of conflict behavior. Journal of
Personality, 20, 82-100.


Miller, N. E. (1959). Liberalization of basic S-R concepts: Exten-
sions to conflict behavior, motivation and social learning. In S.
Koch (Eds.), Psychology: A study of a science, Study 1 (pp.
198-292). New York: McGraw-Hill.


Miller, N. E. (1961). Some recent studies on conflict behavior and


drugs. American Psychologist, 16, 12-24.


Miller, N. E. (1966). Some animal experiments pertinent to the
problem of combining psychotherapy with drug therapy. Com-
prehensive Psychiatry, 7, 1-12.


Mintun, M. A., Fox, P. T., & Raichle, M. E. (1989). A highly accurate
method of localizing regions of neuronal activation in the human
brain with positron emission tomography. Journal of Cerebral
Blood Flow and Metabolism, 9, 96-103.


Moreland, R. L., & Zajonc, R. B. (1977). Is stimulus recognition a
necessary condition for the occurrence of exposure effects?
Journal ofPersonality and Social Psychology, 35, 191-199.
Mummendey, A. (1995). Positive distinctiveness and social discrimi-
nation: An old couple living in divorce. European Journal of
Social Psychology, 25, 657-670.


Nisbett, R. E., & Wilson, T. D. (1977). Telling more than we can
know: Verbal reports on mental processes. Psychological Re-
view, 84, 231-259.


Olds, J. (1958). Self-stimulation in the brain. Science, 127, 315-324.
Olds, J., & Milner, P. (1954). Positive reinforcement produced by
electrical stimulation of septal area and other regions. Journal
of Comparative and Physiological Psychology, 47, 419-427.
Osgood, C. E., Suci, G. J., & Tannenbaum, P. H. (1957). The
measurement of meaning. Urbana: University of Illinois Press.
Patchen, M., Davidson, J. D., Hofman, G., & Brown, W. R. (1977).
Determinants of students' interracial behavior and opinion
change. Sociology ofEducation, 50, 55-75.


Patchen, M., Hofman, G., & Davidson, J. D. (1976). Interracial
39,
perceptions among high school students. Sociometry,
341-354.


Peeters, G. (1971). The positive-negative asymmetry: On cognitive
consistency and positivity bias. European Journal of Social
Psychology, 1, 455-474.


Peeters, G., & Czapinski, J. (1990). Positive-negative asymmetry in
evaluations: The distinction between affective and informa-
tional negativity effects. In W. Stroebe & M. Hewstone (Eds.),
European review of social psychology (Vol. 1, pp. 33-60).
Chichester, England: Wiley.


Pettigrew, T. F., & Meertens, R. W. (1995). Subtle and blatant
prejudice in Western Europe. European Journal of Social Psy-
chology, 25, 57-75.


Petty, R. E., & Cacioppo, J. T. (1981). Attitudes and persuasion.


Dubuque, IA: Brown.


Posner, M. I., Petersen, S. E., Fox, P. T., & Raichle, M. E. (1988).
Localization of cognitive operations in the human brain. Sci-
ence, 240, 1627-1631.


Raichle, M. E. (1994). Images of the mind: Studies with modern
imaging techniques. Annual Review ofPsychology, 45, 333-356.
Robinson, R. G. (1995). Mapping brain activity associated with
emotion. American Journal ofPsychiatry, 152, 327-329.


Russell, J. A. (1980). A circumplex model of affect. Journal of


Personality and Social Psychology, 39, 1161-1178.


Russell, J. A. (1994). Is there universal recognition of emotion from
facial expression? A review of the cross-cultural studies. Psy-
chological Bulletin, 115, 102-141.


Russell, J. A. (1995). Facial expressions of emotion: What lies
beyond minimal universality? Psychological Bulletin, 118,
379-391.


Russell, J. A., Lewicka, M., & Niit, T. (1989). A cross-cultural study
of a circumplex model of affect. Journal of Personality and
Social Psychology, 57, 848-856.


Sarter, M., Berntson, G. G., & Cacioppo, J. T. (1996). Brain
imaging and cognitive neuroscience: Towards strong infer-
ence in attributing function to structure. American Psycholo-
gist, 51, 13-21.


Scott, W. A. (1966). Brief report: Measures of cognitive structure.


Multivariate Behavior Research, 1, 391-395.


Scott, W. A. (1968). Attitude measurement. In G. Lindzey & E.
Aronson (Eds.), Handbook of social psychology (Vol. 2, pp.
204-273). Reading, MA: Addison-Wesley.


Skowronski, J. J., & Carlston, D. E. (1989). Negativity and extremity
biases in impression formation: A review of explanations. Psy-
chological Bulletin, 105, 131-142.


Swap, W. C. (1977). Interpersonal attraction and repeated exposure
to rewarders and punishers. Personality and Social Psychology
Bulletin, 3, 248-251.


Taylor, S. E. (1991). Asymmetrical effects of positive and negative
events: The mobilization-minimization hypothesis. Psycho-
logical Bulletin, 110, 67-85.


Tellegen, A. (1985). Structures of mood and pesonality and their
relevance to assessing anxiety, with an emphasis on self-report.
In A. H. Tuma & J. D. Maser (Eds.), Anxiety and the anxiety
disorders (pp. 681-706). Hillsdale, NJ: Lawrence Erlbaum As-
sociates, Inc.


Thompson, M. M., Zanna, M. P., & Griffin, D. W. (1995). Let's not
be indifferent about (attitudinal) ambivalence. In R. E. Petty &
J. A. Krosnick (Eds.), Attitude strength: Antecedents and con-
sequences (pp. 361-386). Hillsdale, NJ: Lawrence Erlbaum
Associates, Inc.


Thurstone, L. L. (1928). Attitudes can be measured. American Jour-


nal of Sociology, 33, 529-554.


Thurstone, L. L. (1931). The measurement of attitudes. Journal of


Abnormal Psychology, 26, 249-269.


Watson, D. (1988). The vicissitudes of mood mangement: Effects of
varying descriptors, time frames, and response formats on meas-
ures of positive and negative affect. Journal of Personality and
Social Psychology, 55, 128-141.


Watson, D., Clark, L. A., & Tellegen, A. (1988). Development and
validation of brief measures of positive and negative affect: The
PANAS scales. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology,
54, 1063-1070.


Zajonc, R. B. (1968). Attitudinal effects of mere exposure. Journal
of Personality and Social Psychology Monograph Supplement,
9, 1-27.


Zanna, M. P., & Rempel, J. K. (1988). A new look at an old concept.
In D. Bar-Tal & A. W. Kruglanski (Eds.), The social psychology
of knowledge (pp. 315-334). Cambridge, England: Cambridge
University Press.